Al - Ahnaf bin Malik There is no doubt that Abd al - Rahman al - Lahim and his entourage of pretenders of liberalism are dancing with joy at the judge 's verdict . They will be eager to exploit these former couples to bid on justice in our country and on our country in western organizations , so political pressure will increase on us to incapacitate the legitimate judiciary . The problem with al - Lahim and the pretenders of liberalism is that they want to judge our Islamic values by western standards . That 's why we found al - Lahim impertinently declaring to the newspaper Al - Hayat that this verdict contradicts the articles which the kingdom signed in the memorandum on human rights ... In the countries of the west , any man is taken to prison when he marries another woman in addition to his wife or when he marries a woman less than 18 years old . Any father is prevented from interfering in the affairs of his daughter , even if
Ihsas2 / Your evenings can be meetings ... for easy aims that can be attained / Fatima 's recent decision .. a normal reaction resulting from the wrong contact .. between two contradictory currents .. from which she tasted bitterness ! God willing , she will live her life .. peacefully in a sound framework after the end of this stage .. However informed the passerby may be and whatever his knowledge .. the secrets remain hidden .. in drawers in a container .. and in consequence of this .. Opinions will be read with visions of unequal dimensions .. / My prayers for Fatima and for everyone compelled .. for quick relief .. from a god who is with us and our intentions and our deeds .. he knows best / he is the wisest / he is the most merciful . / Your sister / Wad al - Abdullah / Sarah al - Hamad Brother NetExpert Assuming that the couple 's order of separation is traced to what are referred to as " behavioral aspects " such as the desertion of the husband and a long - term conditional divorce , what should the wife do , I wonder . Hold on to her husband and prefer prison to going with
Ihsas2 / Your evenings can be meetings ... for easy aims that can be attained / Fatima 's recent decision .. a normal reaction resulting from the wrong contact .. between two contradictory currents .. from which she tasted bitterness ! God willing , she will live her life .. peacefully in a sound framework after the end of this stage .. However informed the passerby may be and whatever his knowledge .. the secrets remain hidden .. in drawers in a container .. and in consequence of this .. Opinions will be read with visions of unequal dimensions .. / My prayers for Fatima and for everyone compelled .. for quick relief .. from a god who is with us and our intentions and our deeds .. he knows best / he is the wisest / he is the most merciful . / Your sister / Wad al - Abdullah / Sarah al - Hamad Brother NetExpert Assuming that the couple 's order of separation is traced to what are referred to as " behavioral aspects " such as the desertion of the husband and a long - term conditional divorce , what should the wife do , I wonder . Hold on to her husband and prefer prison to going with her mother and siblings ? Then ... is the court entitled to interfere between a husband and his wife for flimsy " behavioral " reasons which the wife accepts ? It seems that the supposition to which you referred in your participation is illogical . And what is " behind the hill " is the issue of " equality in lineage , " nothing else ... I do not think that there is one Muslim who accepts the verdict of the Supreme Court because it is a racist verdict and blatant interference between a husband and his wife for trivial reasons . It is really shameful that the judiciary system in our country works to entrench racism in the name of religion . The Islamic religion is innocent of this ignorance , as we know . It is also shameful that the poor woman is alone in the dark prison instead of with the relevant charity associations extending a helpful and caring hand to her . Since when has prison been a social services center ? Then where is the Saudi Human Rights Society , considering what is happening to this woman ? Do n't those in charge of the society know that what is happening to the -LRB- Muslim Arab Saudi -RRB- woman harms us all , not to mention that it is a blatant violation of human rights ? sarialhamad@yahoo.com Sari al - Hamad You can not light a fire with a wet match Ta'abbata Shayan God suffices for me , and He is the best agent . Mansour al - Taymani , according to his former wife Ahlam , is a man with drug - related cases against
he knows best / he is the wisest / he is the most merciful . / Your sister / Wad al - Abdullah / Sarah al - Hamad Brother NetExpert Assuming that the couple 's order of separation is traced to what are referred to as " behavioral aspects " such as the desertion of the husband and a long - term conditional divorce , what should the wife do , I wonder . Hold on to her husband and prefer prison to going with her mother and siblings ? Then ... is the court entitled to interfere between a husband and his wife for flimsy " behavioral " reasons which the wife accepts ? It seems that the supposition to which you referred in your participation is illogical . And what is " behind the hill " is the issue of " equality in lineage , " nothing else ... I do not think that there is one Muslim who accepts the verdict of the Supreme Court because it is a racist verdict and blatant interference between a husband and his wife for trivial reasons . It is really shameful that the judiciary system in our country works to entrench racism in the name of religion . The Islamic religion is innocent of this ignorance , as we know . It is also shameful that the poor woman is alone in the dark prison instead of with the relevant charity associations extending a helpful and caring hand to her . Since when has prison been a social services center ? Then where is the Saudi Human Rights Society , considering what is happening to this woman ? Do n't those in charge of the society know that what is happening to the -LRB- Muslim Arab Saudi -RRB- woman harms us all , not to mention that it is a blatant violation of human rights ? sarialhamad@yahoo.com Sari al - Hamad You can not light a fire with a wet match Ta'abbata Shayan God suffices for me , and He is the best agent . Mansour al - Taymani , according to his former wife Ahlam , is a man with drug - related cases against him by the police of al - Jawf . And morals cases . The wife appeared on Al - Ekhbariyah channel to expose the man . Why all this sympathy ? God suffices for me against you liberals who defamed Fatima . A question : do n't you think that Fatima was subjected to sorcery by this al - Taymani ? And say , my Lord , increase my knowledge . tabt_shaa@hotmail.com .. Sarah al - Hamad Mr. Ta'abbata Shayan The former wife is not a trusted source of information for a very simple reason , namely that she most likely still bears some grudge against her former husband and against the woman who " stole " that husband from her . Really , what would urge this woman to say what she said about her former husband in a program watched by everyone ? Does
In that way we will monitor all the groundbreaking achievements which these ministries also make , and shed light on them while presenting positive media support . With such monitoring and care , we serve the country and its treasures , first among which is the Saudi people . Through this , we serve the interests of the country and its government , which this year released the largest budget in more than 30 years , This is clear evidence that our not being drained financially and not suffering human losses in various wars has provided our country with a budget like this one which will be spent on the redevelopment of the country and its sons in all aspects of life . Although the masters -- the residents of the White House -- monitored our budget and had hopes for it -- the evidence for that is Rice 's visit , who stopped in the Middle East after a recommendation by Tom Lantos , Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee in the U. S. House of Representatives , who set up an accountability session for her and the Republican team working with her to discuss Bush 's new crumbling strategy -LRB- which they called " escalating " -RRB- , in which a lot of America 's money and children will be spent . Tom asked Rice , " Why do , the countries of the Arabian Gulf pay ? " .
In that way we will monitor all the groundbreaking achievements which these ministries also make , and shed light on them while presenting positive media support . With such monitoring and care , we serve the country and its treasures , first among which is the Saudi people . Through this , we serve the interests of the country and its government , which this year released the largest budget in more than 30 years , This is clear evidence that our not being drained financially and not suffering human losses in various wars has provided our country with a budget like this one which will be spent on the redevelopment of the country and its sons in all aspects of life . Although the masters -- the residents of the White House -- monitored our budget and had hopes for it -- the evidence for that is Rice 's visit , who stopped in the Middle East after a recommendation by Tom Lantos , Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee in the U. S. House of Representatives , who set up an accountability session for her and the Republican team working with her to discuss Bush 's new crumbling strategy -LRB- which they called " escalating " -RRB- , in which a lot of America 's money and children will be spent . Tom asked Rice , " Why do , the countries of the Arabian Gulf pay ? " . He did not forget to have Egypt also offer its sons as an alternative to the American soldiers , claiming that what is happening in Iraq is a civil war , and if this civil war continues , the first ones to be harmed will be the countries of the Arabian Gulf . Their arrogance is amazing . Are they not pleased that our economic condition has recovered and God has favored us with this abundant good ? We will witness the mechanisms of bargaining after the arrival of the well - regarded Rice who certainly visited the occupying entity and arranged a new game with it called the establishment of a new Palestinian state to entice us to support it materially and morally . It is worth mentioning that in
In that way we will monitor all the groundbreaking achievements which these ministries also make , and shed light on them while presenting positive media support . With such monitoring and care , we serve the country and its treasures , first among which is the Saudi people . Through this , we serve the interests of the country and its government , which this year released the largest budget in more than 30 years , This is clear evidence that our not being drained financially and not suffering human losses in various wars has provided our country with a budget like this one which will be spent on the redevelopment of the country and its sons in all aspects of life . Although the masters -- the residents of the White House -- monitored our budget and had hopes for it -- the evidence for that is Rice 's visit , who stopped in the Middle East after a recommendation by Tom Lantos , Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee in the U. S. House of Representatives , who set up an accountability session for her and the Republican team working with her to discuss Bush 's new crumbling strategy -LRB- which they called " escalating " -RRB- , in which a lot of America 's money and children will be spent . Tom asked Rice , " Why do , the countries of the Arabian Gulf pay ? " . He did not forget to have Egypt also offer its sons as an alternative to the American soldiers , claiming that what is happening in Iraq is a civil war , and if this civil war continues , the first ones to be harmed will be the countries of the Arabian Gulf . Their arrogance is amazing . Are they not pleased that our economic condition has recovered and God has favored us with this abundant good ? We will witness the mechanisms of bargaining after the arrival of the well - regarded Rice who certainly visited the occupying entity and arranged a new game with it called the establishment of a new Palestinian state to entice us to support it materially and morally . It is worth mentioning that in his speech Bush criticized the government of al - Maliki . He was followed by Rice with the same tone and language during her last meeting with her colleague the Zionist foreign minister where she criticized al - Maliki , who is expected to be relieved of
Tom asked Rice , " Why do , the countries of the Arabian Gulf pay ? " . He did not forget to have Egypt also offer its sons as an alternative to the American soldiers , claiming that what is happening in Iraq is a civil war , and if this civil war continues , the first ones to be harmed will be the countries of the Arabian Gulf . Their arrogance is amazing . Are they not pleased that our economic condition has recovered and God has favored us with this abundant good ? We will witness the mechanisms of bargaining after the arrival of the well - regarded Rice who certainly visited the occupying entity and arranged a new game with it called the establishment of a new Palestinian state to entice us to support it materially and morally . It is worth mentioning that in his speech Bush criticized the government of al - Maliki . He was followed by Rice with the same tone and language during her last meeting with her colleague the Zionist foreign minister where she criticized al - Maliki , who is expected to be relieved of his post as another step to entice the Iraq 's neighboring countries , specifically those who crave its budget surplus to spend it on their mistakes and adventures in power . They are , unfortunately , steps which find those who follow them , monitor them , scrutinize them , and document them in this article . Let us return once more to the accountability of ministries . By this means , we can hold companies accountable because we can not ask any particular ministry to monitor , hold to account , and make answerable the public and private companies . The ministry has nothing to do with prosecution . If the condition of ministries is good , the condition of the companies that follow it will be good . This confirms that partnership between the public and private sectors which we are always demanding will not come into being unless we hold everyone accountable and all parties agree to serve the country with the instructions of the noble Book and the honored Sunna of the Prophet . In conclusion : It is now time to sit together at the table of the country . The heart of the country is wider than all the places in the universe . munakafa@yahoo.com http://www.alyaum.com/issue/page.php?IN=12271&P=4 I pray to God to be like my name always . abusilm@maktoob.com Nassim al - Ward Yes , with true citizenship , but I wish
It is worth mentioning that in his speech Bush criticized the government of al - Maliki . He was followed by Rice with the same tone and language during her last meeting with her colleague the Zionist foreign minister where she criticized al - Maliki , who is expected to be relieved of his post as another step to entice the Iraq 's neighboring countries , specifically those who crave its budget surplus to spend it on their mistakes and adventures in power . They are , unfortunately , steps which find those who follow them , monitor them , scrutinize them , and document them in this article . Let us return once more to the accountability of ministries . By this means , we can hold companies accountable because we can not ask any particular ministry to monitor , hold to account , and make answerable the public and private companies . The ministry has nothing to do with prosecution . If the condition of ministries is good , the condition of the companies that follow it will be good . This confirms that partnership between the public and private sectors which we are always demanding will not come into being unless we hold everyone accountable and all parties agree to serve the country with the instructions of the noble Book and the honored Sunna of the Prophet . In conclusion : It is now time to sit together at the table of the country . The heart of the country is wider than all the places in the universe . munakafa@yahoo.com http://www.alyaum.com/issue/page.php?IN=12271&P=4 I pray to God to be like my name always . abusilm@maktoob.com Nassim al - Ward Yes , with true citizenship , but I wish she would organize her thoughts . The budget issue is not as I understood from the case of carrying forward , but I was amazed at her mockery of the black hag . He writes with al - Muarraf , a group of respectful persons -LRB- may Allah reward them -RRB- . salh1 May your right hand never be paralyzed , Nurah . The soundness of the creed is the address of happiness . Al - Hawi No seminars are held calling for the accountability of the ministries because they are simply answerable originally . Their violation of the principles of accountability which are part of the nature of governmental work is nothing but a deviation from the normal course , and a deformation of the position it should be in . In truth some business organizations have surpassed their abilities to create an established answerable business environment enjoying candor , transparency , and accountability surpassing the governmental organizations ... I ask forgiveness from Almighty God Natiq Khayr Nassim al - Ward Thank you for passing by . Hissa al - Aoun is a distinguished writer and speaker . In following what she writes and says , I have noticed
Taking into consideration that since we knew that the head of the Authority had submitted the decision of dismissal to the minister of the interior , my lawyer tried to meet the minister of the interior more than once , but he was not able to . He asked to make an appointment to meet with him and he was given an appointment for three months later . Two days before the appointment he was notified of its cancellation without being given a new appointment . He also tried to meet his assistant for security affairs but he could n't . My lawyer presented to the minister of the interior our second letter -LRB- a copy of which is attached in the letters and documents section -RRB- . It was referred to the head of the Authority with no outcome . -------------- Abdul - Rahman2002 says if he were not a religiously committed young man would this conspiracy have been woven around him ? Oh God , I presented my mother to you in your outstanding month . You are Generous and Gracious , so honor
Abd al - Bari Atwan : -LRB- President Saddam -RRB- Great in His Life .. Great in His Martyrdom Asad 1/02/2007 This unprecedented Arab and international interest in the execution of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and the barbaric way in which it was carried out , confirms the importance of the man , his prominent status , and his distinguished role in the history of the Arab region . The American administration , who planned carefully for this event through experts in media and public relations , and its tools in Iraq and the inclinations of public opinion did not at all expect such an opposite result , which along with the destructive consequences that may result from it in the coming days have caught them by surprise . Saddam Hussein proceeded to the gallows like a proud mountain , with head raised , standing upright , looking down at the insignificant things and insignificant people , believing in his creed and his Arabism , repeating slogans of pride and dignity , after he confirmed his faith . He confirmed it by repeating verses from the noble Koran and the two testimonies . He will be envied by all Arab leaders , both living and dead , for this honorable martyrdom , and this enormous love in the midst of hundreds of millions of Arabs and Muslims all over the different parts of the world . Saddam Hussein was the only leader in the modern history of this nation who went to the guillotine because he was a patriot who refused occupation and surrender to the invasion , and chose resistance . The only ones who preceded him in this honor were men like Umar al - Mukhtar and Yusuf al - Azma , by whose struggle the nation and its history were honored , and kept it for them in the records of pride and dignity . They hastily executed
Abd al - Bari Atwan : -LRB- President Saddam -RRB- Great in His Life .. Great in His Martyrdom Asad 1/02/2007 This unprecedented Arab and international interest in the execution of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and the barbaric way in which it was carried out , confirms the importance of the man , his prominent status , and his distinguished role in the history of the Arab region . The American administration , who planned carefully for this event through experts in media and public relations , and its tools in Iraq and the inclinations of public opinion did not at all expect such an opposite result , which along with the destructive consequences that may result from it in the coming days have caught them by surprise . Saddam Hussein proceeded to the gallows like a proud mountain , with head raised , standing upright , looking down at the insignificant things and insignificant people , believing in his creed and his Arabism , repeating slogans of pride and dignity , after he confirmed his faith . He confirmed it by repeating verses from the noble Koran and the two testimonies . He will be envied by all Arab leaders , both living and dead , for this honorable martyrdom , and this enormous love in the midst of hundreds of millions of Arabs and Muslims all over the different parts of the world . Saddam Hussein was the only leader in the modern history of this nation who went to the guillotine because he was a patriot who refused occupation and surrender to the invasion , and chose resistance . The only ones who preceded him in this honor were men like Umar al - Mukhtar and Yusuf al - Azma , by whose struggle the nation and its history were honored , and kept it for them in the records of pride and dignity . They hastily executed him because they feared
Abd al - Bari Atwan : -LRB- President Saddam -RRB- Great in His Life .. Great in His Martyrdom Asad 1/02/2007 This unprecedented Arab and international interest in the execution of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and the barbaric way in which it was carried out , confirms the importance of the man , his prominent status , and his distinguished role in the history of the Arab region . The American administration , who planned carefully for this event through experts in media and public relations , and its tools in Iraq and the inclinations of public opinion did not at all expect such an opposite result , which along with the destructive consequences that may result from it in the coming days have caught them by surprise . Saddam Hussein proceeded to the gallows like a proud mountain , with head raised , standing upright , looking down at the insignificant things and insignificant people , believing in his creed and his Arabism , repeating slogans of pride and dignity , after he confirmed his faith . He confirmed it by repeating verses from the noble Koran and the two testimonies . He will be envied by all Arab leaders , both living and dead , for this honorable martyrdom , and this enormous love in the midst of hundreds of millions of Arabs and Muslims all over the different parts of the world . Saddam Hussein was the only leader in the modern history of this nation who went to the guillotine because he was a patriot who refused occupation and surrender to the invasion , and chose resistance . The only ones who preceded him in this honor were men like Umar al - Mukhtar and Yusuf al - Azma , by whose struggle the nation and its history were honored , and kept it for them in the records of pride and dignity . They hastily executed him because they feared him even when he was behind bars , just as they will still fear
Abd al - Bari Atwan : -LRB- President Saddam -RRB- Great in His Life .. Great in His Martyrdom Asad 1/02/2007 This unprecedented Arab and international interest in the execution of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and the barbaric way in which it was carried out , confirms the importance of the man , his prominent status , and his distinguished role in the history of the Arab region . The American administration , who planned carefully for this event through experts in media and public relations , and its tools in Iraq and the inclinations of public opinion did not at all expect such an opposite result , which along with the destructive consequences that may result from it in the coming days have caught them by surprise . Saddam Hussein proceeded to the gallows like a proud mountain , with head raised , standing upright , looking down at the insignificant things and insignificant people , believing in his creed and his Arabism , repeating slogans of pride and dignity , after he confirmed his faith . He confirmed it by repeating verses from the noble Koran and the two testimonies . He will be envied by all Arab leaders , both living and dead , for this honorable martyrdom , and this enormous love in the midst of hundreds of millions of Arabs and Muslims all over the different parts of the world . Saddam Hussein was the only leader in the modern history of this nation who went to the guillotine because he was a patriot who refused occupation and surrender to the invasion , and chose resistance . The only ones who preceded him in this honor were men like Umar al - Mukhtar and Yusuf al - Azma , by whose struggle the nation and its history were honored , and kept it for them in the records of pride and dignity . They hastily executed him because they feared him even when he was behind bars , just as they will still fear him as a corpse hidden under the soil of the homeland , and comparisons between his time and their bloody and chaotic time always came in
Abd al - Bari Atwan : -LRB- President Saddam -RRB- Great in His Life .. Great in His Martyrdom Asad 1/02/2007 This unprecedented Arab and international interest in the execution of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and the barbaric way in which it was carried out , confirms the importance of the man , his prominent status , and his distinguished role in the history of the Arab region . The American administration , who planned carefully for this event through experts in media and public relations , and its tools in Iraq and the inclinations of public opinion did not at all expect such an opposite result , which along with the destructive consequences that may result from it in the coming days have caught them by surprise . Saddam Hussein proceeded to the gallows like a proud mountain , with head raised , standing upright , looking down at the insignificant things and insignificant people , believing in his creed and his Arabism , repeating slogans of pride and dignity , after he confirmed his faith . He confirmed it by repeating verses from the noble Koran and the two testimonies . He will be envied by all Arab leaders , both living and dead , for this honorable martyrdom , and this enormous love in the midst of hundreds of millions of Arabs and Muslims all over the different parts of the world . Saddam Hussein was the only leader in the modern history of this nation who went to the guillotine because he was a patriot who refused occupation and surrender to the invasion , and chose resistance . The only ones who preceded him in this honor were men like Umar al - Mukhtar and Yusuf al - Azma , by whose struggle the nation and its history were honored , and kept it for them in the records of pride and dignity . They hastily executed him because they feared him even when he was behind bars , just as they will still fear him as a corpse hidden under the soil of the homeland , and comparisons between his time and their bloody and chaotic time always came in his favor , and the calls for his return to save Iraq from its crisis and the corrupt and malicious gang that governs it have become deafening to the ears of the occupation and its accomplices . He embarrassed them and dwarfed them by standing as a spear in the prisoner 's dock . They were terrified by the penetrating looks of
Abd al - Bari Atwan : -LRB- President Saddam -RRB- Great in His Life .. Great in His Martyrdom Asad 1/02/2007 This unprecedented Arab and international interest in the execution of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and the barbaric way in which it was carried out , confirms the importance of the man , his prominent status , and his distinguished role in the history of the Arab region . The American administration , who planned carefully for this event through experts in media and public relations , and its tools in Iraq and the inclinations of public opinion did not at all expect such an opposite result , which along with the destructive consequences that may result from it in the coming days have caught them by surprise . Saddam Hussein proceeded to the gallows like a proud mountain , with head raised , standing upright , looking down at the insignificant things and insignificant people , believing in his creed and his Arabism , repeating slogans of pride and dignity , after he confirmed his faith . He confirmed it by repeating verses from the noble Koran and the two testimonies . He will be envied by all Arab leaders , both living and dead , for this honorable martyrdom , and this enormous love in the midst of hundreds of millions of Arabs and Muslims all over the different parts of the world . Saddam Hussein was the only leader in the modern history of this nation who went to the guillotine because he was a patriot who refused occupation and surrender to the invasion , and chose resistance . The only ones who preceded him in this honor were men like Umar al - Mukhtar and Yusuf al - Azma , by whose struggle the nation and its history were honored , and kept it for them in the records of pride and dignity . They hastily executed him because they feared him even when he was behind bars , just as they will still fear him as a corpse hidden under the soil of the homeland , and comparisons between his time and their bloody and chaotic time always came in his favor , and the calls for his return to save Iraq from its crisis and the corrupt and malicious gang that governs it have become deafening to the ears of the occupation and its accomplices . He embarrassed them and dwarfed them by standing as a spear in the prisoner 's dock . They were terrified by the penetrating looks of his eyes . They were exposed by
Abd al - Bari Atwan : -LRB- President Saddam -RRB- Great in His Life .. Great in His Martyrdom Asad 1/02/2007 This unprecedented Arab and international interest in the execution of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and the barbaric way in which it was carried out , confirms the importance of the man , his prominent status , and his distinguished role in the history of the Arab region . The American administration , who planned carefully for this event through experts in media and public relations , and its tools in Iraq and the inclinations of public opinion did not at all expect such an opposite result , which along with the destructive consequences that may result from it in the coming days have caught them by surprise . Saddam Hussein proceeded to the gallows like a proud mountain , with head raised , standing upright , looking down at the insignificant things and insignificant people , believing in his creed and his Arabism , repeating slogans of pride and dignity , after he confirmed his faith . He confirmed it by repeating verses from the noble Koran and the two testimonies . He will be envied by all Arab leaders , both living and dead , for this honorable martyrdom , and this enormous love in the midst of hundreds of millions of Arabs and Muslims all over the different parts of the world . Saddam Hussein was the only leader in the modern history of this nation who went to the guillotine because he was a patriot who refused occupation and surrender to the invasion , and chose resistance . The only ones who preceded him in this honor were men like Umar al - Mukhtar and Yusuf al - Azma , by whose struggle the nation and its history were honored , and kept it for them in the records of pride and dignity . They hastily executed him because they feared him even when he was behind bars , just as they will still fear him as a corpse hidden under the soil of the homeland , and comparisons between his time and their bloody and chaotic time always came in his favor , and the calls for his return to save Iraq from its crisis and the corrupt and malicious gang that governs it have become deafening to the ears of the occupation and its accomplices . He embarrassed them and dwarfed them by standing as a spear in the prisoner 's dock . They were terrified by the penetrating looks of his eyes . They were exposed by his patriotism and Arabism and his contempt for the odious sectarian divisions that they planted in their contaminated new Iraq . So they decided to get rid of
The American administration , who planned carefully for this event through experts in media and public relations , and its tools in Iraq and the inclinations of public opinion did not at all expect such an opposite result , which along with the destructive consequences that may result from it in the coming days have caught them by surprise . Saddam Hussein proceeded to the gallows like a proud mountain , with head raised , standing upright , looking down at the insignificant things and insignificant people , believing in his creed and his Arabism , repeating slogans of pride and dignity , after he confirmed his faith . He confirmed it by repeating verses from the noble Koran and the two testimonies . He will be envied by all Arab leaders , both living and dead , for this honorable martyrdom , and this enormous love in the midst of hundreds of millions of Arabs and Muslims all over the different parts of the world . Saddam Hussein was the only leader in the modern history of this nation who went to the guillotine because he was a patriot who refused occupation and surrender to the invasion , and chose resistance . The only ones who preceded him in this honor were men like Umar al - Mukhtar and Yusuf al - Azma , by whose struggle the nation and its history were honored , and kept it for them in the records of pride and dignity . They hastily executed him because they feared him even when he was behind bars , just as they will still fear him as a corpse hidden under the soil of the homeland , and comparisons between his time and their bloody and chaotic time always came in his favor , and the calls for his return to save Iraq from its crisis and the corrupt and malicious gang that governs it have become deafening to the ears of the occupation and its accomplices . He embarrassed them and dwarfed them by standing as a spear in the prisoner 's dock . They were terrified by the penetrating looks of his eyes . They were exposed by his patriotism and Arabism and his contempt for the odious sectarian divisions that they planted in their contaminated new Iraq . So they decided to get rid of him with a confused and embarrassing hastiness . Thanks to the technology of the mobile phone which enabled us to recognize the ugly face of the hateful sectarianism that is governing in America 's Iraq . This tape exposed the government of the Green Zone , and blew up all the plans for censorship and fraud by the experts of the American Intelligence service and their agents . It presented us with the naked truth , without that being the intention of its owner .
Peres in Doha Per Invitation from Mozah . Al Shaheen2005 Israeli Deputy Prime Minister Shimon Peres began on Monday the highest level visit of an Israeli official to a Gulf country in more than a decade , when he arrived in Qatar for a two - day visit . The Associated Press attributed to Israeli officials that Peres would appear on a television program in which he would answer questions about " important issues " from among 300 Arab requests . The visit is the second for Peres to Qatar , which he visited before in 1996 in his capacity as Prime Minister of Israel , according to the Chairman of the Israeli Commercial Delegation , Roi Rosenblit 's , statement in Doha . The Israeli official emphasized that the visit has no political tincture and that he has not decided to meet with any Qatari official , -LRB- some sources had indicated that he might meet the Qatari Foreign Minister -RRB- . He clarified that Peres had accepted an invitation from the BBC to participate in a program called " Doha Debates , " in which several personalities participate . It is overseen by the First Lady of Qatar , Sheikha Mozah Bint Nasser Al Missned . My forehead is up . al_shaheen2005@hotmail.com Sakr Al Salam Per an invitation from Mozah ? May God lead you to righteousness , my brother . What you conveyed just jams the name of Mozah . I mean , the one who wrote the news deliberately intended it .
The Associated Press attributed to Israeli officials that Peres would appear on a television program in which he would answer questions about " important issues " from among 300 Arab requests . The visit is the second for Peres to Qatar , which he visited before in 1996 in his capacity as Prime Minister of Israel , according to the Chairman of the Israeli Commercial Delegation , Roi Rosenblit 's , statement in Doha . The Israeli official emphasized that the visit has no political tincture and that he has not decided to meet with any Qatari official , -LRB- some sources had indicated that he might meet the Qatari Foreign Minister -RRB- . He clarified that Peres had accepted an invitation from the BBC to participate in a program called " Doha Debates , " in which several personalities participate . It is overseen by the First Lady of Qatar , Sheikha Mozah Bint Nasser Al Missned . My forehead is up . al_shaheen2005@hotmail.com Sakr Al Salam Per an invitation from Mozah ? May God lead you to righteousness , my brother . What you conveyed just jams the name of Mozah . I mean , the one who wrote the news deliberately intended it . He said to his wife : be silent . And he said to his son : shut up . Your voices distort my thinking . Do not utter a word . I want to write about freedom of expression ! Al Shaheen2005 Intended it or not , do you expect that anything happens in Qatar today without the approval of Her Highness Sheikha Mozah ? Sheikha Mozah seeks to please America by all means , even if all the citizens of the country disagree with her ... and the goal is known . Accept the regards of your brother . My forehead is up . al_shaheen2005@hotmail.com Asiri In which he answers questions about " important issues " from among 300 Arab requests !!! They became -LRB- solvers -RRB- of issues , the likes of Peres , and the ones like them . Then we can say we have reached solutions !! My regards , brother Al Shaheen . My regards and appreciation to all . Sada Al Harf First Lady of Qatar ?!!! Maybe her name is Mozah Bush ? Glory and thanks to God , as much as His creations , His self - satisfaction , the loftiness of His Throne , and the extent of His words . For communication : alsaha100@yahoo.com . Sakr Al Salam And what is the goal of the Sheikha , if you please ? I swear to God , as I understand from your words , it is not a good goal . Accept my regards . He said to his wife : be silent . And he said to his son : shut up . Your voices distort my thinking . Do not utter a word . I want to write about freedom of expression ! Fahd2000 I expect
Peres said the talks also addressed Iran 's nuclear program . He said Israel would back increased " economic pressure and a psychological campaign " against the government of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who is a sworn enemy of Israel . " I do not think Israel has a problem with Iran ; it has a problem with Ahmadinejad , " Peres said . Peres said that there is " a great deal of dissatisfaction inside Iran " with the policies of Ahmadinejad . " You can not feed your children enriched uranium for breakfast . You need something more than that , "
Car Club in al - Jazirah Newspaper and Women Driving Expatriate Away From Home Praise be to God ! Blessing and Peace to the Messenger of God ! The talk about the driving of cars by women took up a space greater than its size . Some may imagine that it is an issue of bets and the challenge existing between two known currents in our country . Since the beginning of the month of Dhu al - Qada 1427 A. H. the newspaper Al - Jazirah has issued a weekly supplement every Wednesday called " the Car Club . " Each issue includes an interview with a young athlete , actor or singer , who talks about his personal relationship with the car . Each interview ends with a final question : " What is your opinion about women driving cars ? " In fact , I was not expecting those answers from those people who are not exactly - in my opinion - classified as intellectuals or people holding ideologies , but rather are common people . I was not expecting those answers in spite of the intensive pressure and the attack launched by our local press , which has a bias for the liberal current , in an attempt to endorse women driving . I believe it is not love and concern for women as much as this decision is the dream to pave the way for other horizons and projects to liberate women and walk on the path of westernization . Our attempt , as conservatives , to stand up against issues such as these must not be satisfied with only the fatwas of important scholars , but we must employ other means . I liked one cartoonist who depicted the situation of a woman in her car while one of the tires failed , and how a young man came to rescue
Paqueta wants to finish Saad Al - Harthi -LRB- the butcher -RRB- in soccer and educationally . Night Star 6 x 1 = 6 Paqueta Away from the club colors and loyalties .. and striving for a explanation and clarification . So far I have not found a convincing explanation for two incidents involving one player , the star Saad Al - Harthi . The first is the matter of
Paqueta wants to finish Saad Al - Harthi -LRB- the butcher -RRB- in soccer and educationally . Night Star 6 x 1 = 6 Paqueta Away from the club colors and loyalties .. and striving for a explanation and clarification . So far I have not found a convincing explanation for two incidents involving one player , the star Saad Al - Harthi . The first is the matter of his call up to the national team after he clearly excelled at his club , then being put aside by Mr. Paqueta , outside the formation , even on the benches in the stadium . He did not play even as a reserve , nor was he unshackled and returned to complete his university studies of which less than two months are left . Acquiring an education remains the most important , and is the weapon that covers the professional player , especially as Al - Harthi had postponed it more than once , all during his participation in the Saudi national team ...! So read on with me . Article Six , clause three of the Professional Regulations stipulates .. that the professional player undertakes to continue his education and raise his cultural level and what supports the need to look into Al - Harthi 's return is that Mr. Paqueta already has six strikers beside Al - Harthi and all of them took part in the last two games ...! The second incident is the report raised by al - Masibih to His Highness the President of the Union about Al - Harthi 's diligence and his readiness to represent the homeland , which raises a wider question mark about why this report concerned Al - Harthi alone ? Has anything happened in the past that would contradict it ? The answer from all the fans is , of course , no ..! Or is there someone who ordered that this report be submitted ..? What are his motives ..? I know for sure that someone will summarize everything I referred to above place it in the category of preferences . And then I will not , will not care , as long as I want to transmit a fact that we are in great need of players who are skilled with their brains and their legs . So liberate the minds of those with skilled legs so that we would enjoy a generation blessed with a civilization of progress and consciousness and awareness Let us all repeat together with our hearts before our tongues " Long live the Green , long may it live " From under the door --
and what supports the need to look into Al - Harthi 's return is that Mr. Paqueta already has six strikers beside Al - Harthi and all of them took part in the last two games ...! The second incident is the report raised by al - Masibih to His Highness the President of the Union about Al - Harthi 's diligence and his readiness to represent the homeland , which raises a wider question mark about why this report concerned Al - Harthi alone ? Has anything happened in the past that would contradict it ? The answer from all the fans is , of course , no ..! Or is there someone who ordered that this report be submitted ..? What are his motives ..? I know for sure that someone will summarize everything I referred to above place it in the category of preferences . And then I will not , will not care , as long as I want to transmit a fact that we are in great need of players who are skilled with their brains and their legs . So liberate the minds of those with skilled legs so that we would enjoy a generation blessed with a civilization of progress and consciousness and awareness Let us all repeat together with our hearts before our tongues " Long live the Green , long may it live " From under the door -- His last title that stuck to him and which he retained is " FIFA international expert " So what will he win from the title " the Legend of the Gulf " apart from proving the saying " not getting tired of titles " after the overwhelming public popularity ? What a sad media that which reduced the meeting of our national team with Qatar to the confrontation of Al - Shlhoub with Khalfan ..!* The invisible reason behind Jasim 's decisive victory in getting the " Legend of the Gulf " title is his insistence on thanking the eight media personalities who voted for him !* A question occurs to me . How come a player for whom voted 55 % of an awesome number of the public does not get the title , while a player with 45 % is given the title on the basis of no more than eight media personalities voting for him ? How ? Since the " one and only " media started criticizing the coach Paqueta heavily .. can we innocently ask here whether this media has become a " middleman " striving for Paqueta 's dismissal and his return to their team ..? What supports it is the delay in their team contracting a coach ..! I found the novel -LRB- The Searcher and the Searched For -RRB- clearly in the tyrannical individualism of Al - Shlhoub and al - Qahtani .. and each of them searching for the other ..! The emblem of the leadership did not suite
And then I will not , will not care , as long as I want to transmit a fact that we are in great need of players who are skilled with their brains and their legs . So liberate the minds of those with skilled legs so that we would enjoy a generation blessed with a civilization of progress and consciousness and awareness Let us all repeat together with our hearts before our tongues " Long live the Green , long may it live " From under the door -- His last title that stuck to him and which he retained is " FIFA international expert " So what will he win from the title " the Legend of the Gulf " apart from proving the saying " not getting tired of titles " after the overwhelming public popularity ? What a sad media that which reduced the meeting of our national team with Qatar to the confrontation of Al - Shlhoub with Khalfan ..!* The invisible reason behind Jasim 's decisive victory in getting the " Legend of the Gulf " title is his insistence on thanking the eight media personalities who voted for him !* A question occurs to me . How come a player for whom voted 55 % of an awesome number of the public does not get the title , while a player with 45 % is given the title on the basis of no more than eight media personalities voting for him ? How ? Since the " one and only " media started criticizing the coach Paqueta heavily .. can we innocently ask here whether this media has become a " middleman " striving for Paqueta 's dismissal and his return to their team ..? What supports it is the delay in their team contracting a coach ..! I found the novel -LRB- The Searcher and the Searched For -RRB- clearly in the tyrannical individualism of Al - Shlhoub and al - Qahtani .. and each of them searching for the other ..! The emblem of the leadership did not suite him -LRB- neither in form mor in content -RRB- * Paqueta puts his earpiece in his ear and talks on the telephone throughout the match * This can only have two explanations . The first is the presence of a technical manager in the stands , -LRB- he was n't there -RRB- ...! The second is the presence of another person dictating to him while he executes ..!!. An article copied from the famous writer and the satellite TV voice of Nasr International , Mr. Khaled Al - Shaalan . This is life as seen by states .... If it pleased someone for an hour , it made him unhappy for ages . A Very Ordinary Native Country Night Star , here is an advice for free : do not try and tire yourself with Khaled Al - Shaalan . The man suffers from unnatural fanaticism and the problem is that there are those who support him . If you scrutinized all
Once again there 'll be two presidential candidates missing from the debate . Pat Buchanan hardly registers on the political radar this year . And Ralph Nader , who may make the difference between a Gore or Bush win in several places . ABC 's Linda Douglas was with
In Washington this was a day about beginnings , but it 's also one of farewells . Bill Clinton said good-bye . Few people can really know what it must be like to leave the White House as President that final time . We do know that Mr. Clinton worked right up until the end , granting more than 100 pardons as he walked out the door . Here 's ABC 's John Cochran . 7777 An hour after seeing George W. Bush sworn in , Bill Clinton for the first time in 8 years was no longer introduced as the President of the United States . It is , indeed , my great honor and privilege to introduce to you now our President of the United States . Cheers This was the farewell from his Washington friends . Many had served in his government . Many of them are not sure what the future holds for them . You know how it is when you leave the White House , you wonder if you 'll draw a crowd again . The President told supporters they should be proud of what his administration had accomplished . You gave me the ride of my life . I tried to give as good as I got . Even though he tried to keep up the spirits , he had gone through an emotional 24 hours himself , refusing to sleep last night , savoring every hour in the White House , working until the end -- Less than two hours before he lost his presidential powers , he granted pardons to 140 Americans , including Henry Cisneros , former Housing Secretary convicted of lying to the FBI , Roger Clinton , the former President 's half - brother , John Deutch , the former CIA director who pleaded guilty yesterday to mishandling classified materials , Patty Hearst , and Susan M Dougal , a friend of the Clintons who served part of her time in the jail for refusing to testify about them . It hurt my mom and dad so much to hear convicted felon . Now no one can say that again . By late this afternoon , as movers transported the belongings to the home in Chappaqua ,
Qingqing 20070104 bill shen Cloudy , temperature about four degrees Celsius . Yesterday Qingqing did not fall asleep till 1100 . He looked sleepy on the train , but he did n't sleep . Yesterday Qingqing gave Mom a very clever retort . On the train Mom noticed Qingqing farting and asked Qingqing whether he +wanted to poo . She also said to Qingqing : " I gave birth to you , how could I not know what you are thinking about ? " In the evening when washing his feet at home , Mom said : " Let 's sell our house , buy a house next to Grandma 's , and give Dad the remaining money to start a business with , is that okay ? " Qingqing did not say a word and stared at Dad . Dad shook his head . Mom asked Qingqing : " Why are you staring at Dad ? " Qingqing replied : " Do n't you know what I am thinking about ? Why do you still ask me ? " In the morning Dad woke him up . Soaked crackers for breakfast . Dad fed Qingqing . Getting ready to go to the kindergarten , Dad said , " Let Mom take you there . " Qingqing did not agree : " I want to go with Dad . " Dad said : " Is it because Dad 's vehicle has a canopy ? " Qingqing did n't say anything . Dad helped Qingqing put on his gloves and took Qingqing to the kindergarten . Qingqing wanted Dad to tell the teacher : " I lost a tooth and can not eat properly . " He just did n't want to say it himself . Dad told the teacher , and Qingqing also opened his mouth for the teacher to look at it . He looked very funny . Then he pulled Dad over to look at Qingqing 's drawer . Dad helped Qingqing clean it up . There is some other child 's stuff in Qingqing 's drawer . Qingqing took it out and put it back into the child 's drawer . When moving the chair , Qingqing pushed it : Some children in our class move chairs just like that . Dad wanted to help Qingqing . Qingqing did not want it . He wanted to move it by himself . When Dad came back in the evening , Qingqing was running around holding Mom 's cell phone , talking to Uncle over the phone .
What the Chinese Nation Needs Most is a Son like Zhou Enlai -LRB- In Commemoration of the 31st Anniversary of the Death of the People 's Good Premier -RRB- 613305 -LRB- Who knew the string was broken -RRB- People all like to call themselves son of the people , and son of the Chinese nation . However , there are standards for being a son of the Chinese nation and the Chinese people . Not everyone can be called son of the people and the nation . In addition , the people and the nation also have certain conditions for selecting their sons . Anybody who wants to can not just become a son of the Chinese nation and the Chinese people . What kind of son do the Chinese nation and the Chinese people need ? She needs a son who is absolutely loyal to her , yet she neither needs nor accepts those who are only loyal on the surface , or in speech , toward the entire nation and all of the people , but in reality are political and economic parasites who are only loyal to themselves , loyal to their own family clan , loyal to their own small clique and small social stratum . She needs a strong man of the times , a revolutionary and politician , who works wholeheartedly for the benefit and happiness of the entire nation and all of the people , she neither needs nor accepts those who only flaunt the banner of seeking benefit and happiness for the entire nation and all of the people , but in reality are vulgar villains and political liars who seek benefit and happiness only for themselves , for their family clan , and for their own small clique and small social stratum . She needs a strong man of the times , an outstanding revolutionary and politician who is fully focused on , as well as capable of , making the Chinese nation prosperous and strong , and making the Chinese people wealthy and happy ; she neither needs nor accepts those shameless opportunists and hoodlum politicians who betray and sacrifice the political and economic interests of the entire nation and all of the people for themselves , their own family clan , and their own small clique and small social stratum , for the sake of their own gratitude or resentment , prestige , and interests , leaving the Chinese nation and the Chinese people to suffer loss , disaster , and humiliation . She needs a giant of the times and an outstanding politician who spares no effort in performing his duty to make the Chinese nation rise and stand out among the thicket of the world 's nations , to allow the Chinese people to proudly live in happiness and harmony in the world , with heads high and chests out ;
Cultural Revolution ? Makes Me Think of the Past iseesea Poster : iseesea -LRB- iseesoisee -RRB- , Section : Overseas . Topic : Cultural Revolution ? Makes Me Think of the Past Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Wed Jan 24 00:42:30 2007 -RRB- . This anti-Cui " movement " made me think of the past . When I was in junior high school , a man who lived nearby died ; I do n't know why , but rumors started flying , everybody said his wife murdered
The custom of paying respects to the Kitchen God . According to traditional custom , every year on the 23rd of the last month of the lunar year , the Kitchen God is supposed to ascend to Heaven and report to the Jade Emperor on this home 's good things and bad for the Jade Emperor to reward or punish . So when they pray to the Kitchen God , people place sweets , fresh water , black beans , and hay on a table in front of the Kitchen God 's image ; the last three of these are for the horse that the Kitchen God rides to Heaven . On the evening of the 23rd of the twelfth lunar month , you 're supposed to place a tray of candied melon on the table . This is because you hope the Kitchen God will eat his fill of sweets and then " tell good things in Heaven and bring good fortune when he returns . " After you put the candied melon on , you take down the image of the Kitchen God that was hung above the stove the previous year and burn it at the side of the stove ; then you wait until the 30th when you put up the spring couplets and hang a new Kitchen God in the original place , and you hang up a couplet with the first line saying " Ascend to Heaven and tell good things " and the second line reading " Return and bring good fortune , " and the horizontal saying is " Ruler of This Home . " Then you also put an incense burner there and every time you celebrate a festival you light incense and pray for happiness . Folk custom says that men do not worship the moon and women do not sacrifice to the Kitchen God , so it is only the men who make these sacrifices to the Kitchen God . Legend . A long time ago , there was a well - to - do family named Zhang ; in middle age , they had a son . The husband and wife gave their son the name Zhang Guisheng , and later people called him Zhang Sheng . When Zhang Sheng grew up , he liked to eat , was lazy , and he often went gambling , so the old husband and wife decided to marry him off and let their daughter - in - law manage him . They sent someone to propose this marriage to a comely girl in the village named Guo Dingxiang . Dingxiang soon came to live with them , but after the marriage Zhang Sheng 's behavior worsened . Dingxiang persuaded and cajoled , but in the end she was beaten and kicked by Zhang Sheng . Not long after , the two aggrieved elders passed on . One day , Dingxiang rolled out a bowlful of long , fine noodles and waited for Zhang Sheng to return to eat , and
So when they pray to the Kitchen God , people place sweets , fresh water , black beans , and hay on a table in front of the Kitchen God 's image ; the last three of these are for the horse that the Kitchen God rides to Heaven . On the evening of the 23rd of the twelfth lunar month , you 're supposed to place a tray of candied melon on the table . This is because you hope the Kitchen God will eat his fill of sweets and then " tell good things in Heaven and bring good fortune when he returns . " After you put the candied melon on , you take down the image of the Kitchen God that was hung above the stove the previous year and burn it at the side of the stove ; then you wait until the 30th when you put up the spring couplets and hang a new Kitchen God in the original place , and you hang up a couplet with the first line saying " Ascend to Heaven and tell good things " and the second line reading " Return and bring good fortune , " and the horizontal saying is " Ruler of This Home . " Then you also put an incense burner there and every time you celebrate a festival you light incense and pray for happiness . Folk custom says that men do not worship the moon and women do not sacrifice to the Kitchen God , so it is only the men who make these sacrifices to the Kitchen God . Legend . A long time ago , there was a well - to - do family named Zhang ; in middle age , they had a son . The husband and wife gave their son the name Zhang Guisheng , and later people called him Zhang Sheng . When Zhang Sheng grew up , he liked to eat , was lazy , and he often went gambling , so the old husband and wife decided to marry him off and let their daughter - in - law manage him . They sent someone to propose this marriage to a comely girl in the village named Guo Dingxiang . Dingxiang soon came to live with them , but after the marriage Zhang Sheng 's behavior worsened . Dingxiang persuaded and cajoled , but in the end she was beaten and kicked by Zhang Sheng . Not long after , the two aggrieved elders passed on . One day , Dingxiang rolled out a bowlful of long , fine noodles and waited for Zhang Sheng to return to eat , and she took the opportunity to again urge him to change his ways , but Zhang Sheng pushed the bowl away and left . After this , Zhang Sheng threw out Dingxiang , sold off the family possessions and land , and spent
After you put the candied melon on , you take down the image of the Kitchen God that was hung above the stove the previous year and burn it at the side of the stove ; then you wait until the 30th when you put up the spring couplets and hang a new Kitchen God in the original place , and you hang up a couplet with the first line saying " Ascend to Heaven and tell good things " and the second line reading " Return and bring good fortune , " and the horizontal saying is " Ruler of This Home . " Then you also put an incense burner there and every time you celebrate a festival you light incense and pray for happiness . Folk custom says that men do not worship the moon and women do not sacrifice to the Kitchen God , so it is only the men who make these sacrifices to the Kitchen God . Legend . A long time ago , there was a well - to - do family named Zhang ; in middle age , they had a son . The husband and wife gave their son the name Zhang Guisheng , and later people called him Zhang Sheng . When Zhang Sheng grew up , he liked to eat , was lazy , and he often went gambling , so the old husband and wife decided to marry him off and let their daughter - in - law manage him . They sent someone to propose this marriage to a comely girl in the village named Guo Dingxiang . Dingxiang soon came to live with them , but after the marriage Zhang Sheng 's behavior worsened . Dingxiang persuaded and cajoled , but in the end she was beaten and kicked by Zhang Sheng . Not long after , the two aggrieved elders passed on . One day , Dingxiang rolled out a bowlful of long , fine noodles and waited for Zhang Sheng to return to eat , and she took the opportunity to again urge him to change his ways , but Zhang Sheng pushed the bowl away and left . After this , Zhang Sheng threw out Dingxiang , sold off the family possessions and land , and spent his days living a life of dissipation . After being thrown out , Dingxiang went to South Mountain . There she spent her days clearing land and planting crops , and in the evening she wove ; after years of arduous toil , she became a wealthy woman with a hundred mu of fine land . When Zhang Sheng had sold off all his possessions , he began to beg for a living . Only then did he repent , and he thought of how worthy Dingxiang was . One day , Dingxiang saw a beggar enter her courtyard , and she realized it was Zhang Sheng . Good - hearted Dingxiang took Zhang Sheng into the kitchen and with
Then you also put an incense burner there and every time you celebrate a festival you light incense and pray for happiness . Folk custom says that men do not worship the moon and women do not sacrifice to the Kitchen God , so it is only the men who make these sacrifices to the Kitchen God . Legend . A long time ago , there was a well - to - do family named Zhang ; in middle age , they had a son . The husband and wife gave their son the name Zhang Guisheng , and later people called him Zhang Sheng . When Zhang Sheng grew up , he liked to eat , was lazy , and he often went gambling , so the old husband and wife decided to marry him off and let their daughter - in - law manage him . They sent someone to propose this marriage to a comely girl in the village named Guo Dingxiang . Dingxiang soon came to live with them , but after the marriage Zhang Sheng 's behavior worsened . Dingxiang persuaded and cajoled , but in the end she was beaten and kicked by Zhang Sheng . Not long after , the two aggrieved elders passed on . One day , Dingxiang rolled out a bowlful of long , fine noodles and waited for Zhang Sheng to return to eat , and she took the opportunity to again urge him to change his ways , but Zhang Sheng pushed the bowl away and left . After this , Zhang Sheng threw out Dingxiang , sold off the family possessions and land , and spent his days living a life of dissipation . After being thrown out , Dingxiang went to South Mountain . There she spent her days clearing land and planting crops , and in the evening she wove ; after years of arduous toil , she became a wealthy woman with a hundred mu of fine land . When Zhang Sheng had sold off all his possessions , he began to beg for a living . Only then did he repent , and he thought of how worthy Dingxiang was . One day , Dingxiang saw a beggar enter her courtyard , and she realized it was Zhang Sheng . Good - hearted Dingxiang took Zhang Sheng into the kitchen and with her own hands gave him a bowl , setting it on the table . Zhang Sheng saw this bowl of long , thin noodles and knew he had come begging to Dingxiang 's home ; feeling ashamed ,
and then Joel showed up uh-huh . Jemma was there and mom was picking on Jemma like she always does even though Jemma 's a doll . uh-huh . Joel then turned up the day after I arrived and drove us mad . Drove us crazy .
and then Joel showed up uh-huh . Jemma was there and mom was picking on Jemma like she always does even though Jemma 's a doll . uh-huh . Joel then turned up the day after I arrived and drove us mad . Drove us crazy . He was more obnoxious than he 's ever been . uh-huh how do you know ? You have n't seen
and then Joel showed up uh-huh . Jemma was there and mom was picking on Jemma like she always does even though Jemma 's a doll . uh-huh . Joel then turned up the day after I arrived and drove us mad . Drove us crazy . He was more obnoxious than he 's ever been . uh-huh how do you know ? You have n't seen him in ages . Well Jemma said so . I think I have greater tolerance for Joel than anyone in your family does . I think you do . I think you do but
and then Joel showed up uh-huh . Jemma was there and mom was picking on Jemma like she always does even though Jemma 's a doll . uh-huh . Joel then turned up the day after I arrived and drove us mad . Drove us crazy . He was more obnoxious than he 's ever been . uh-huh how do you know ? You have n't seen him in ages . Well Jemma said so . I think I have greater tolerance for Joel than anyone in your family does . I think you do . I think you do but he really was a pain in the neck and Jemma said it 's because his girlfriend just dumped him . uh-huh uh-huh . %um but anyway so mom and Alexis were freaking out because of that but they have no ability to set any limits you know . So like they ca n't say to Joel look you know go away for a while or I mean she could n't say to Judith no they ca n't come that week . uh-huh . you know and we were supposed to go out to dinner one night and they showed up unexpectedly . They were supposed to be out . They had gone to the Grand Canyon , and did n't expect them back . uh-huh . And they showed up unexpectedly and you know mom and Alexis could not bring themselves to say we 're taking Claire out to a nice dinner uh-huh . see you later this is our only evening with her yeah . you know we want to have some time with her . They could n't bring themselves to say that but they were so upset that he 'd come back that the evening was just like a complete it was painful . Good . And we went to a different restaurant a cheap restaurant I mean it was just painful and I felt so pissed off because you know there I was expecting a family vacation I mean it 's not so much Joel I mean oh well anyway yeah I mean it was supposed to be a family vacation yeah . and it was like so stressful I mean I did n't know why I had bothered to go . yeah . And then you know Eve and Seth were down in their house and all of her energies seemed to be going towards protecting Eve from too many distractions uh-huh because Eve had to work . yeah . So you know you could n't go to Eve 's house or you could n't ask Eve to have Joel and Jemma for a night uh-huh . although
then we 'll know a little better uh-uh . whether I need to have two days there yeah . or I could fly in in the morning and out the next morning , or , you know , what would work best mhm . cause I do n't want to wear out my welcome Excuse me for coughing on this . Well , no , that 's okay . My goodness . That was a native speaker 's cough . oh . And , %uh , you know it 's not that he ca n't . He 's got the smarts . yeah . He 's just been a little bit unmotivated . mhm . %uh , June is doing much better . yeah . %uh , she had , %uh , it was a hard start . She kept falling asleep in class . You ca n't do that in an American classroom . mhm yeah . And , %uh , you know she was trying to memorize the whole book and were saying no you 've got to use the book , you know you 've got to use the vocabulary . We do n't care if you memorize it . We do n't care if you make mistakes . mhm You 've just got to try to use it . She was looking for perfection . mhm . She 's relaxing a little bit and , %um , is coming along . Hiroki unfortunately he 's , you know , minimal . mhm . He 's doing the minimal . But there is another Japanese girl in his class who did n't come through J C J C she 's a high school graduate mhm . and is very unmotivated , very poor attitude and is just %um , really resistant . I 'm not quite sure why she 's here you know uh-huh and %uh Hiroki has appointed himself as her protector oh dear . and consequently she 's failing %mm and by her testing she should be the top student in the class oh she could be easily but she you know just puts on the air that she 's not interested and mhm we had some knock down drag outs with her . %mm She 's just really immature the other Japanese girls say , oh , she 's just you know , it 's immaturity . mhm . But , %uh , because he just identifies with her mhm . you know he is not performing to where he could perform or should perform . mhm . And so when she 's not around he does better %uh you know , not great but better . %mm . So he , and it 's real interesting , you know , I do n't know at what point I will call up his cousin , you know
yeah , it 's not far . Through the S - bahn here . I mean it 's like twenty minutes . Or something . And so , if I do it , I 'd love to have you join me . It 's a fancy wedding too . Does that mean I have to get Do I have to wear a tie ? Yes . Sure . y- %um could be it 's actually I ca n't believe this . This is a German friend that I he worked here at NASA for like two years and was in mhm our German conversation club . yeah . And he 's marrying a German woman . I mean
yeah , it 's not far . Through the S - bahn here . I mean it 's like twenty minutes . Or something . And so , if I do it , I 'd love to have you join me . It 's a fancy wedding too . Does that mean I have to get Do I have to wear a tie ? Yes . Sure . y- %um could be it 's actually I ca n't believe this . This is a German friend that I he worked here at NASA for like two years and was in mhm our German conversation club . yeah . And he 's marrying a German woman . I mean he just went back a little while ago because his No he 's an American , but he 's marrying a German woman . oh ,
He 's German too . yeah . They 're both German . So this is a real mhm . German wedding . But And so he was saying we should come from our and one other person from our group is going because we would he had n't gotten around to planning his vacation . So he 's going to be there . So I thought well that 's on the twelfth , and the other thing is on the twentieth , you know . Why not ? And then in between I 'm going to go down and 586.14_588.20_A: see my relatives in Bonn . oh well the twentieth i- , I mean that could be a pro- , e- Well no not the twentieth . The twentieth is my baptism . %ah so . The wedding is the twelfth . The wedding is the twelfth ? But it 's like a real thing . There 's like a wedding at eleven , and a lunch at Schloss Ketwig or something at lunchtime . And then at seven o'clock there is , let 's see , %uh dinner dance . mit Abendgarderobe . oh God . nay But I thought you playing piano you must have that . Abendgarderobe . Does n't that mean like really fancy clothes ? %uh , well . Ja , ja . Ball dresses and , you know , tuxedos and things . yeah , I know . I could n't believe it because I met , when I was there on the other trip , I had n't read the invitation before . I did n't think I was going . And so I had met , %uh , his name is Heiko , for one day in Hamburg . We met . yeah . So he mentioned that he was looking for his tuxedo . And I said you 're going to get married in a tuxedo ? He said no , no , no . That evening . I 've never heard of such a thing . Quite a wedding . But so if you want to bow out . Pardon ? I said if you really do n't like those things . Well . But you know . It 's great meals . Really . Free food . Aside from , we can talk , and they should be nice people . It 'll be and then I 'll know one more person there . How old are they ? oh . A little bit younger than us . oh , he 's probably good question . I do n't know . Maybe he 's thirty - two ? That 's okay . As long as they 're not twenty - one . oh no , no , no , no . No %uh , spring chicken This is Herr Doktor Heiko Hecht and Jessika whatever her name is . ooh . They actually met in the United States . At I think the University &of Virginia , where
%um but although they 're trying to solicit more throughout the globe instead of just Japan mhm . although they 've had most interest in Japan . mhm . And I teach probably two classes and then do administrative work to make connections for these people to have tours or to go look at companies dealing with certain issues that they 're working on in their classes . Half of their classes are business half are English business mhm mhm . mhm . mhm So it 's really groovy because I mean I have all these contacts for them because of my experience in the business world here . yeah . yeah . you know and I do a little teaching for them too . okay . What classes did you teach at that would be related ? I taught business English . uh-huh . I taught listening . I taught integrated skills and beginning grammar . okay . mhm . I 'm just writing this down so Cool . You do n't have to tell them about or anything . oh weird . You know what ? What ? I had a dream this morning about , it 's weird . I do n't know if you were in it . I think you were . %huh . But Barry was definitely in it . yeah . And Barry and I I do n't know . We were trying to get somewhere and we had to jump in this water but
%um but although they 're trying to solicit more throughout the globe instead of just Japan mhm . although they 've had most interest in Japan . mhm . And I teach probably two classes and then do administrative work to make connections for these people to have tours or to go look at companies dealing with certain issues that they 're working on in their classes . Half of their classes are business half are English business mhm mhm . mhm . mhm So it 's really groovy because I mean I have all these contacts for them because of my experience in the business world here . yeah . yeah . you know and I do a little teaching for them too . okay . What classes did you teach at that would be related ? I taught business English . uh-huh . I taught listening . I taught integrated skills and beginning grammar . okay . mhm . I 'm just writing this down so Cool . You do n't have to tell them about or anything . oh weird . You know what ? What ? I had a dream this morning about , it 's weird . I do n't know if you were in it . I think you were . %huh . But Barry was definitely in it . yeah . And Barry and I I do n't know . We were trying to get somewhere and we had to jump in this water but she would n't let go of me when we got in the water and I woke up because I start drowning . I do n't know what that means . I got a postcard from
But did you get to see her in a few hours or a- Well what happened no right away there was a very nice %um delivery nurse who we had spoken to earlier in the day named Tina . mhm . mhm . mhm . And what they do is they take the baby from the delivery room to the nursery . mhm . Normally they go directly and Tina very , very sweetly zipped past the door to the outer part of the nursery where we were waiting mhm . mhm outside mhm . and let us hold her . mhm . So she was just minutes old then . Wow . So we held her for just a couple minutes and uh-huh . it was really funny because you could hear her coming up the hall screaming uh-huh . loudly . uh-huh . . She handed her to me screaming loudly and I said to Tina and also to uh-huh . the birth mother 's mother there , you know oh Robert has the magic touch . I handed
But did you get to see her in a few hours or a- Well what happened no right away there was a very nice %um delivery nurse who we had spoken to earlier in the day named Tina . mhm . mhm . mhm . And what they do is they take the baby from the delivery room to the nursery . mhm . Normally they go directly and Tina very , very sweetly zipped past the door to the outer part of the nursery where we were waiting mhm . mhm outside mhm . and let us hold her . mhm . So she was just minutes old then . Wow . So we held her for just a couple minutes and uh-huh . it was really funny because you could hear her coming up the hall screaming uh-huh . loudly . uh-huh . . She handed her to me screaming loudly and I said to Tina and also to uh-huh . the birth mother 's mother there , you know oh Robert has the magic touch . I handed her to Robert . Instant silence . uh-huh . uh-huh . Instant .
So what have you been up to ? %ah nothing really . %uh yeah We 've had a big change of %uh leadership over here . oh yeah ? yeah , the base C O changed . The clinic O I C changed . The clinic C U nurse changed . And , just trying to get %uh , you know , the feel for how everybody else is you know , going to respond to them , and how they 're going to respond to everybody else , has been trying , to say the least , for the past oh , probably , month or so . yeah . So . Well , I mean that 's still a possibility . I mean I just did n't -- yeah . -- feel like it was the right time when I was home last . So . I do n't know , I saw Sayonara again . I still see you with some little gal flying around going kari san , kari san . The supper is ready . Get thy ass on the table . No . Nothing like that going on over here . yeah . Well I 'll tell you another a- , y- . Did you hear about Martha getting married ? No ! Well this supposedly is going to happen . Now it has n't actually happened yet . So we may be at ground zero . I called her to chat I guess about two weeks ago . %um . And she 'd said , oh , hey Bill . By the way , I 'm getting married . This is a typical Martha pronouncement . Ye- It 's like , oh , okay . %uh , you know , tell me about this guy . How long have you known
So what have you been up to ? %ah nothing really . %uh yeah We 've had a big change of %uh leadership over here . oh yeah ? yeah , the base C O changed . The clinic O I C changed . The clinic C U nurse changed . And , just trying to get %uh , you know , the feel for how everybody else is you know , going to respond to them , and how they 're going to respond to everybody else , has been trying , to say the least , for the past oh , probably , month or so . yeah . So . Well , I mean that 's still a possibility . I mean I just did n't -- yeah . -- feel like it was the right time when I was home last . So . I do n't know , I saw Sayonara again . I still see you with some little gal flying around going kari san , kari san . The supper is ready . Get thy ass on the table . No . Nothing like that going on over here . yeah . Well I 'll tell you another a- , y- . Did you hear about Martha getting married ? No ! Well this supposedly is going to happen . Now it has n't actually happened yet . So we may be at ground zero . I called her to chat I guess about two weeks ago . %um . And she 'd said , oh , hey Bill . By the way , I 'm getting married . This is a typical Martha pronouncement . Ye- It 's like , oh , okay . %uh , you know , tell me about this guy . How long have you known him and all that . oh well I 've been dating
I got you . yeah I 've got another buddy who , %uh , is a marine pilot . I 'm trying to think if you had ever met this guy . I do n't think so . He , %um , worked for him as an aide . And so he was chuckling the other day , well probably the other day the other year when he heard Krulac had been selected to be the next big boy . And he thought you know , Bill whatever happens , I 'm good to go now , I 'm golden . oh yeah . yeah , it was a real surprise to hear , and when I talked to Barney -- Wow . we did n't really spend a whole lot of time talking about the . yeah . yeah . But you know , I asked him point blank , I said what was what the prognosis was . yeah . And he said poor . %um , but he did n't say terminal . yeah . %um okay I think I had kind of assumed that I guess from talking to Martha because she may have over glorified it . I do n't know . Well , you know , and Barney 's wife Barb is down in Sansabel mhm And I talk to her fairly frequently . And she said that %um , mhm she just saw him a couple of months ago mhm . And that he was starting to gain weight back again . So Super . You know , I do n't know whether they managed to get all the cancer with the chemo and the radiation or what . yeah . But %uh You know I knew when the list came out I did n't even have to look , you know , because I knew that both Barney and I were , %um , eligible . mhm Not in zone but eligible . mhm . And I knew of anybody , he would be the one that would be deep selected . Well , being %uh buds with old Chuck Krulac did n't hurt things a whole lot either . oh no . Not at all . And , you know , when I ran into him , %uh , in March , it was at some symposium in San Diego , a Nurse Corps thing . yeah . And , %um , Admiral Engel , the Nurse Corps admiral was there . And You know , Barney knows
%um I took them to %uh Jill 's and they spent two days there and I guess she could n't take them and their mom and dad came . You mean in Texas ? yeah . And their mom and dad drove down there and got them . mhm Got them . yeah . So how are they getting back ? Driving them driving them back . oh . Darn it . I thought I was going to get to see everybody . Well They was supposed to %um come back like a while ago but Jill like she keeps farting around and wo n't want to go get them and %mm . So I said and then she j- Did she have her baby yet ? yeah . She had a girl . %mm . Six pounds or something like that . I do n't know . hey ai n't my concern . Good . Good for you . So you 've been leading the life of Reilly %huh ? No . Not really . Just I have n't been home much this summer and w- And busier than hell %huh ? %hm ? Then good then . Give you a nice break . Well no . I missed the hell out of them . Do you ? I was ready to That 's good . I was ready that 's a Go get them . yeah . I was w- It 's just that %uh You know I was gone What kind of car do you have ? %huh ? What kind of car do you have now ? Same car . oh . really ? You got that thing repaired ? yeah . Really ? uh-huh . %huh Well anyway %um What else is going on ? You 're busy with work and yeah . I work ten at night to six in the morning . Bo Bo 's happy because %uh he do n't have to go back to day care . Right . When do you sleep then ? I sleep probably a couple hours in the morning and then like at nap time . yeah . You never did require much sleep . No . yeah . So has %uh the old man and the old lady called you lately ? No . oh . Ai n't worried about it . You know your sister was %uh in Illinois recently . She was ? yeah . What for ? Her old man kicked
So anyway she called me a couple days before she was going to come home and I go %um can you tell me why you would stay in a place where you know you 're not wanted in a state you know where you do n't know hardly anybody . So then that 's when it all came out . She said well I think her name 's Patty , Patty 's going to buy me a car . She 's going to help me out . I said Kara you know why she 's going to do that is because she wants the kid to stay there so
So anyway she called me a couple days before she was going to come home and I go %um can you tell me why you would stay in a place where you know you 're not wanted in a state you know where you do n't know hardly anybody . So then that 's when it all came out . She said well I think her name 's Patty , Patty 's going to buy me a car . She 's going to help me out . I said Kara you know why she 's going to do that is because she wants the kid to stay there so she can see your grandson . mhm . so
So anyway she called me a couple days before she was going to come home and I go %um can you tell me why you would stay in a place where you know you 're not wanted in a state you know where you do n't know hardly anybody . So then that 's when it all came out . She said well I think her name 's Patty , Patty 's going to buy me a car . She 's going to help me out . I said Kara you know why she 's going to do that is because she wants the kid to stay there so she can see your grandson . mhm . so she got all pissed off at me . I said you 're being used . You 're being bought . Man she going to be like Jill become so I said why do n't you stand up on your own two feet . She going to be like Jill and become a product of the state and shit live off welfare and god damn . Then you know what she said to me ? What . She said &uh , and this sounded just like something like %uh her mother - in - law or I do n't know what the hell relationsh- it would n't be mother - in - law . What %uh Drew 's mom probably is saying to her . Kara says well I have to do what 's right for David . oh And I said no Kara you have to do what 's right for Kara . And what 's right for Kara will be right for David . That 's right . As long as you feed
So anyway she called me a couple days before she was going to come home and I go %um can you tell me why you would stay in a place where you know you 're not wanted in a state you know where you do n't know hardly anybody . So then that 's when it all came out . She said well I think her name 's Patty , Patty 's going to buy me a car . She 's going to help me out . I said Kara you know why she 's going to do that is because she wants the kid to stay there so she can see your grandson . mhm . so she got all pissed off at me . I said you 're being used . You 're being bought . Man she going to be like Jill become so I said why do n't you stand up on your own two feet . She going to be like Jill and become a product of the state and shit live off welfare and god damn . Then you know what she said to me ? What . She said &uh , and this sounded just like something like %uh her mother - in - law or I do n't know what the hell relationsh- it would n't be mother - in - law . What %uh Drew 's mom probably is saying to her . Kara says well I have to do what 's right for David . oh And I said no Kara you have to do what 's right for Kara . And what 's right for Kara will be right for David . That 's right . As long as you feed him , love him and take care of him . oh well I do n't want
You 're being bought . Man she going to be like Jill become so I said why do n't you stand up on your own two feet . She going to be like Jill and become a product of the state and shit live off welfare and god damn . Then you know what she said to me ? What . She said &uh , and this sounded just like something like %uh her mother - in - law or I do n't know what the hell relationsh- it would n't be mother - in - law . What %uh Drew 's mom probably is saying to her . Kara says well I have to do what 's right for David . oh And I said no Kara you have to do what 's right for Kara . And what 's right for Kara will be right for David . That 's right . As long as you feed him , love him and take care of him . oh well I do n't want him to not know his daddy . I 'm like Why ? I you know what I could never be with someone who did n't love me . Could you ? Hell no . I do n't get that . I do n't get that . Anyway so I spouted my mouth off Well Good for you . I have to tell you the week before I met %uh the %uh sergeant and lieutenant at the %uh Des Moines McDonald 's because they were dropping off Shawn . Sergeant and lieutenant ? Jennings . %huh ? Sergeant and lieutenant Jennings . You talking about mom and dad ? yeah . %eh here 's why I call them that . So we 're sitting there in McDonald 's p- and I 'm they had Shawn for a week and %uh we 're visiting and %uh they start in on me right away . And you keep your mouth shut and you do n't say this and you do n't say that and do n't say this and do n't say that . the whole time %uh was nothing but a big fucking lecture . You say oh I 've got to go . So I think I did that on purpose . Good for you . Well then the following weekend was father 's day . And %uh we were supposed to all meet in Des M- 339.00_347.11_A: oh that was to drop Shawn off . okay . yeah . And then we 're going to meet and pick Shawn up and see Kara and David . I 've never seen that kid . Have no clue what he , well you have n't either . uh-uh . So %um we get there and there 's dad with his hands in his pocket and he meets us out at the car and %uh %um mom was sitting on the bench for once not huddling around dad . And %um I said where 's Kara .
so I said why do n't you stand up on your own two feet . She going to be like Jill and become a product of the state and shit live off welfare and god damn . Then you know what she said to me ? What . She said &uh , and this sounded just like something like %uh her mother - in - law or I do n't know what the hell relationsh- it would n't be mother - in - law . What %uh Drew 's mom probably is saying to her . Kara says well I have to do what 's right for David . oh And I said no Kara you have to do what 's right for Kara . And what 's right for Kara will be right for David . That 's right . As long as you feed him , love him and take care of him . oh well I do n't want him to not know his daddy . I 'm like Why ? I you know what I could never be with someone who did n't love me . Could you ? Hell no . I do n't get that . I do n't get that . Anyway so I spouted my mouth off Well Good for you . I have to tell you the week before I met %uh the %uh sergeant and lieutenant at the %uh Des Moines McDonald 's because they were dropping off Shawn . Sergeant and lieutenant ? Jennings . %huh ? Sergeant and lieutenant Jennings . You talking about mom and dad ? yeah . %eh here 's why I call them that . So we 're sitting there in McDonald 's p- and I 'm they had Shawn for a week and %uh we 're visiting and %uh they start in on me right away . And you keep your mouth shut and you do n't say this and you do n't say that and do n't say this and do n't say that . the whole time %uh was nothing but a big fucking lecture . You say oh I 've got to go . So I think I did that on purpose . Good for you . Well then the following weekend was father 's day . And %uh we were supposed to all meet in Des M- 339.00_347.11_A: oh that was to drop Shawn off . okay . yeah . And then we 're going to meet and pick Shawn up and see Kara and David . I 've never seen that kid . Have no clue what he , well you have n't either . uh-uh . So %um we get there and there 's dad with his hands in his pocket and he meets us out at the car and %uh %um mom was sitting on the bench for once not huddling around dad . And %um I said where 's Kara . He said well she did n't come . And I said what .
I do n't get that . I do n't get that . Anyway so I spouted my mouth off Well Good for you . I have to tell you the week before I met %uh the %uh sergeant and lieutenant at the %uh Des Moines McDonald 's because they were dropping off Shawn . Sergeant and lieutenant ? Jennings . %huh ? Sergeant and lieutenant Jennings . You talking about mom and dad ? yeah . %eh here 's why I call them that . So we 're sitting there in McDonald 's p- and I 'm they had Shawn for a week and %uh we 're visiting and %uh they start in on me right away . And you keep your mouth shut and you do n't say this and you do n't say that and do n't say this and do n't say that . the whole time %uh was nothing but a big fucking lecture . You say oh I 've got to go . So I think I did that on purpose . Good for you . Well then the following weekend was father 's day . And %uh we were supposed to all meet in Des M- 339.00_347.11_A: oh that was to drop Shawn off . okay . yeah . And then we 're going to meet and pick Shawn up and see Kara and David . I 've never seen that kid . Have no clue what he , well you have n't either . uh-uh . So %um we get there and there 's dad with his hands in his pocket and he meets us out at the car and %uh %um mom was sitting on the bench for once not huddling around dad . And %um I said where 's Kara . He said well she did n't come . And I said what . He said no she did n't come . %uh she did n't like the last two conversations that she had with you . She %uh did n't like what you had to say to her . So they still backing her . And you want to know something ? What ? They probably told her it was okay not to come . They probably said yeah we do n't like how she talks to us either . I bet , what do you want to bet because do n't you think they could have made her come ? yeah . They would 've made anybody else come . Sure . They would 've said get your ass in the car . Whether y- Say god damn we do n't want to hear no fucking shit . Let 's go . Whether you 're thirty - six or twenty - six it do n't matter . yeah . You would 've been in that god damn car . Well it was just like well we 'll show her for spouting her mouth off . She wo n't get to see the baby . yeah . Exactly . We 'll punish
you know Cocoa she got married She married that guy not the Israeli guy not the Sephardic guy but No you 're kidding that little feminine kind of guy No but reme- when I was there in October
oh my I ca n't believe she got married I she got married and then the week after Ta'al Paer got married you know Ta'al is the oldest %uh girl on the I yeah where is she living Well her husband he looks like Mickey our Mickey yeah when Mickey was really young so he looks really young %uh she just finished now the army and she met him during the army he 's from a nonreligious kibbutz oh my gosh yeah So now they 're living on his kibbutz %um because they allow like B'nai to live there but I do n't know they can work outside yeah do whatever they want until they decide what they want or do what they want do whatever they want study I do n't know what they 're doing his parents are n't even living on the kibbutz anymore because he 's a professor of something or other in I do n't know China or somewhere Singapore I do n't know where anyway so that was really weird like when she got engaged it was a little hard for Rachel because
but hers we did like %um a buffet so I was really nervous about that because when did we ever do a buffet so we rented the tables and chairs again and we rented all the beautiful dishes yeah But we set up the buffet we bought like these really neat you know like they 're Well we saved them because you can wash them they 're made out of plastic but they look like silver trays uh-huh yeah So we bought all different shapes and sizes and we put out the salads and the meats and all different kinds that we had %um little cocktail hot dogs and we had chicken legs and we had schnitzels oh and they made a beautiful basket with breads you know everything falling out on the table you know those kind of things no wow No it was beautiful it also came out really nice the only thing you guys must feel so old that you have married children already yeah we do feel old and it was beautiful Ramona 's was nicer because they had a great band and everybody was that you know like usually in a wedding there 's no room to dance but the whole parking lot was for dancing and on the grass was where we sat wow uh-huh so it was like as if you would 've seen you know dance festival because there was like a circle of men a circle of girls a circle of her friends a circle of his friends because there was enough room the kids had a circle that you could have like five six different circles all over the place oh my gosh it was beautiful and Ta'al 's what happened you know that Rachel was really worried that people wo n't dance for her be happy for her I do n't know why that was ridiculous because everyone was just as happy but her band they got stuck somewhere and their %um something with the electric equipment it did n't come so we had to get from us the amplifiers and ours are terrible %mm oy they could n't hear anything so So some people got really you know just they did n't dance and she was really upset I said Rachel why did you even bother paying them Well that 's true getting this really great group and even if we would 've known they were stuck so call the kibbutz we would 've sent the car to go get it right oh gosh so that was bad news but other than that so anybody else engaged not yet the rest are young well that whole class that whole first no but there was only those two girls Ta'al from the first class Ramona from the second now these other kids just finished high school like & 's oldest daughter is going to the army next week or two weeks wow but does n't she have a son who 's older yeah
yeah . %um you know what ? %um Cynthia 's coming and David and their kids oh great . And they were going to bring Ralph but I guess they 're not sure now because they just found some kind of cancer in his brain oh no they Or a spot in his brain li- you know he had lung cancer is that I know and they were so optimistic . anyway they just found something and they 're going to start treating it like this week so now they 're not sure if he can come but mom thought it was so sweet that he wanted to come . yeah . But are they going to still come ? I think so . I mean Who else but cousins are coming , do you know ? %um , Abby 's coming uh-huh . With the baby and Michal uh-huh ? And , you know , they 're going to be moving to Detroit . yeah , I heard that they were going to be living not far from Johnny . yeah . %um and then %um let 's see Pevie 's coming mhm . And like I 'm not sure if the whole family is or just him mhm . %um , and mom 's not sure about Ethan and Arlene yet though I mean Ethan and his new wife oops %hm . yeah . %um Is Marianne coming , do you know ? I do n't know . Mom did n't mention that . Because I know she was in touch since Dmitri 's been in that area . I think
Plus . And I live modestly you know . how well I know that . yeah . You know this is my theory too to live modestly . mhm . Like wearing one dress . I still have a dress to %uh Micky 's bar mitzvah uh-huh . which is %uh twelve years ago . yeah . I 'm still wearing the dress . yeah yeah . And %uh someone saw me in the dress not long ago and said oh what a beautiful dress . uh-huh . And I looked at her and I said oh you are so right . She should just know %huh I would n't admit I would n't admit . yeah . That 's right . And so you 're still busy with all kinds of volunteer work . oh yes yeah all the volunteer stuff I do . I 'm -- uh-huh . -- active with a state group that 's trying to work for a universal single pair health plan mhm -- on a state level and we have a nice young Jewish legislator who is %uh going to put in a bill for us this year . mhm . We wo n't get it . It 's a Republican dominated legislature that is %uh cutting off all kinds of services for ordinary people . Sure . You know it 's very business oriented . And %uh I work with another group that 's always trying to get jobs for people who have been laid off . mhm . And the women 's international league for peace and freedom I 've been a member for years but I 'm not really very active but oh about five years ago %uh they decided %um they wanted it was the seventy fifth anniversary mhm . So they wanted to do something special so I put together %uh they had had a play about their own history %uh some years before so I took and updated it and you know cut out -- Sure sure . -- some stuff and they have a . So now I 'm the playwright so now for the eightieth -- -- they want me to do it a little differently this time so I 've got that . mhm . You know I 've got it sitting here so I ca n't ignore it but I really Sure . You know that 's not my expertise in any way shape or form But yeah yeah . They 're making it your expertise right . So anyway but it 'll be fun you know to put that together . Sure sure sure And %uh I do n't know %um last weekend %uh Lida and Irv Teisher were in town . oh . %uh they have a son who is the %uh I guess he buys the books for %uh something called Borders which is a bookstore that car- Yes we have it here too . %ah okay but %mm you know it started in Ann Arbor . yeah . Yes . and
I still have a dress to %uh Micky 's bar mitzvah uh-huh . which is %uh twelve years ago . yeah . I 'm still wearing the dress . yeah yeah . And %uh someone saw me in the dress not long ago and said oh what a beautiful dress . uh-huh . And I looked at her and I said oh you are so right . She should just know %huh I would n't admit I would n't admit . yeah . That 's right . And so you 're still busy with all kinds of volunteer work . oh yes yeah all the volunteer stuff I do . I 'm -- uh-huh . -- active with a state group that 's trying to work for a universal single pair health plan mhm -- on a state level and we have a nice young Jewish legislator who is %uh going to put in a bill for us this year . mhm . We wo n't get it . It 's a Republican dominated legislature that is %uh cutting off all kinds of services for ordinary people . Sure . You know it 's very business oriented . And %uh I work with another group that 's always trying to get jobs for people who have been laid off . mhm . And the women 's international league for peace and freedom I 've been a member for years but I 'm not really very active but oh about five years ago %uh they decided %um they wanted it was the seventy fifth anniversary mhm . So they wanted to do something special so I put together %uh they had had a play about their own history %uh some years before so I took and updated it and you know cut out -- Sure sure . -- some stuff and they have a . So now I 'm the playwright so now for the eightieth -- -- they want me to do it a little differently this time so I 've got that . mhm . You know I 've got it sitting here so I ca n't ignore it but I really Sure . You know that 's not my expertise in any way shape or form But yeah yeah . They 're making it your expertise right . So anyway but it 'll be fun you know to put that together . Sure sure sure And %uh I do n't know %um last weekend %uh Lida and Irv Teisher were in town . oh . %uh they have a son who is the %uh I guess he buys the books for %uh something called Borders which is a bookstore that car- Yes we have it here too . %ah okay but %mm you know it started in Ann Arbor . yeah . Yes . and he 's the purchaser for the outfit . %mm . well I think it 's been three or four years at least but they you know occasionally come in to see
yeah . I 'm still wearing the dress . yeah yeah . And %uh someone saw me in the dress not long ago and said oh what a beautiful dress . uh-huh . And I looked at her and I said oh you are so right . She should just know %huh I would n't admit I would n't admit . yeah . That 's right . And so you 're still busy with all kinds of volunteer work . oh yes yeah all the volunteer stuff I do . I 'm -- uh-huh . -- active with a state group that 's trying to work for a universal single pair health plan mhm -- on a state level and we have a nice young Jewish legislator who is %uh going to put in a bill for us this year . mhm . We wo n't get it . It 's a Republican dominated legislature that is %uh cutting off all kinds of services for ordinary people . Sure . You know it 's very business oriented . And %uh I work with another group that 's always trying to get jobs for people who have been laid off . mhm . And the women 's international league for peace and freedom I 've been a member for years but I 'm not really very active but oh about five years ago %uh they decided %um they wanted it was the seventy fifth anniversary mhm . So they wanted to do something special so I put together %uh they had had a play about their own history %uh some years before so I took and updated it and you know cut out -- Sure sure . -- some stuff and they have a . So now I 'm the playwright so now for the eightieth -- -- they want me to do it a little differently this time so I 've got that . mhm . You know I 've got it sitting here so I ca n't ignore it but I really Sure . You know that 's not my expertise in any way shape or form But yeah yeah . They 're making it your expertise right . So anyway but it 'll be fun you know to put that together . Sure sure sure And %uh I do n't know %um last weekend %uh Lida and Irv Teisher were in town . oh . %uh they have a son who is the %uh I guess he buys the books for %uh something called Borders which is a bookstore that car- Yes we have it here too . %ah okay but %mm you know it started in Ann Arbor . yeah . Yes . and he 's the purchaser for the outfit . %mm . well I think it 's been three or four years at least but they you know occasionally come in to see him and his wife . mhm . And so they spent three or four days in Ann Arbor and oh
and we have a nice young Jewish legislator who is %uh going to put in a bill for us this year . mhm . We wo n't get it . It 's a Republican dominated legislature that is %uh cutting off all kinds of services for ordinary people . Sure . You know it 's very business oriented . And %uh I work with another group that 's always trying to get jobs for people who have been laid off . mhm . And the women 's international league for peace and freedom I 've been a member for years but I 'm not really very active but oh about five years ago %uh they decided %um they wanted it was the seventy fifth anniversary mhm . So they wanted to do something special so I put together %uh they had had a play about their own history %uh some years before so I took and updated it and you know cut out -- Sure sure . -- some stuff and they have a . So now I 'm the playwright so now for the eightieth -- -- they want me to do it a little differently this time so I 've got that . mhm . You know I 've got it sitting here so I ca n't ignore it but I really Sure . You know that 's not my expertise in any way shape or form But yeah yeah . They 're making it your expertise right . So anyway but it 'll be fun you know to put that together . Sure sure sure And %uh I do n't know %um last weekend %uh Lida and Irv Teisher were in town . oh . %uh they have a son who is the %uh I guess he buys the books for %uh something called Borders which is a bookstore that car- Yes we have it here too . %ah okay but %mm you know it started in Ann Arbor . yeah . Yes . and he 's the purchaser for the outfit . %mm . well I think it 's been three or four years at least but they you know occasionally come in to see him and his wife . mhm . And so they spent three or four days in Ann Arbor and oh he lives in Ann Arbor is that it ? yeah that 's the home base you know . Home base yeah . yeah . And %uh %uh Lida and Irv still have some very good friends from the years when they lived here . Sure . Sure . So they stayed with them I guess a couple of nights mhm . and they invited in most of their old friends and I 'm the only relative around really you know that they remember . oh they do n't remember your brother . Well they know
Well how do they look physically ? Great . Is that so ? Absolutely great . Some years ago Irv had a major heart attack uh-huh . and apparently he 's just done everything right because he said let me think I think he 's going to be eighty next month . oh . It 's either seventy - nine or eighty . I Eighty . yeah and he looks great . She still plays tennis . ooh that 's wonderful . %uh I 've seen her just a couple of times through the years . Seemed to me she was a little slimmer than I remember . %uh you know she 's still not a thin person but she looks good . uh-huh . %um you know and they were telling us what they do . You know they live in a suburb of Minneapolis . mhm . mhm . And anyway so they really look good . And did they mention their other children ? the oldest is a daughter named Elsa mhm . %uh %eh she lives in Tucson where George Miller lives . mhm . And she 's a nurse and apparently she the last few years has been the head pediatric nurse at the hospital where she is . oh . %hm . I know Irv was telling me that
And she 's a nurse and apparently she the last few years has been the head pediatric nurse at the hospital where she is . oh . %hm . I know Irv was telling me that she always said she did n't want the responsibility of being in charge of anything . mhm . Once they put her in charge she says now she wants it She loves it . Well now she wants it all . She wants to do more . You know he was laughing about it you know . yeah . She 's married I presume . oh yeah she has a half dozen kids . oh really ? yeah . oh a big family . yeah she either five or six I forget . gee She had a big family . uh-huh And her oldest is just starting college I 'm trying to think where . She got a scholarship I do n't know somewhere in the east The oldest is just starting college ? That 's Elsa 's oldest in other words Lida and Irv 's daughter . oh grandson I see that 's different uh-huh . yeah i- yeah I think it 's the granddaughter . The granddaughter uh-huh yeah she and what does her husband do do you know ? Elsa 's ? Yes . No %uh the couple of times that I %uh went to Tucson %uh she would come you know when they would invite relatives in like their kids that live there Yes . uh-huh . and they 'd always invite Elsa one year in fact when I was there Lida and Irv were they spend a month in Tucson every year . mhm . I think it 's February you know the worst of the winter . Sure . oh the worst of the winter right . yeah and %um I know I 've met her each time . He must be some sort of a salesman because both times I think he was in Texas which is n't far you know mhm . mhm mhm . when you 're in that part of the world . Sure right I know it 's close . %um but always on business and I remember they told me that he 's gone a lot so you know he 's in and out but that she manages very well . mhm . mhm . mhm They all felt she was just a great mother you know the way she took care of her kids . That 's wonderful %uh you know %uh I think you learn a lot when you have such a big family you learn how to juggle it around you know . really . really . yeah . And apparently she %uh %eh my impression is they 're not wealthy you know in fact I got the impression they were struggling just a little bit %uh that 's Elsa and her husband when the babies were little Well you know the big family like that right . yeah and
Now is n't there another daughter or do n't is it another daughter or another son ? oh uh-huh . And I 'm not sure either What 's there uh-huh . I 've only met those two but you 're right there 's one other chil- I think it seems to me another child . %uh I 'm positive you 're right %eh it just registered . Right . it seems to me they may even have said something about
Now is n't there another daughter or do n't is it another daughter or another son ? oh uh-huh . And I 'm not sure either What 's there uh-huh . I 've only met those two but you 're right there 's one other chil- I think it seems to me another child . %uh I 'm positive you 're right %eh it just registered . Right . it seems to me they may even have said something about him but I never met the third one so you know mhm . mhm . it did n't stick with me whatever they said . That was nice to see family you know %uh over the years it 's very interesting . mhm . Is n't it ? mhm . Do you ever see Abe ? He also lives in Ann Arbor . He 's very sick . oh . He had major surgery four or five years ago and he walked around That I remember . yeah . yeah like a walking skeleton . mhm . And the only time I see
Now is n't there another daughter or do n't is it another daughter or another son ? oh uh-huh . And I 'm not sure either What 's there uh-huh . I 've only met those two but you 're right there 's one other chil- I think it seems to me another child . %uh I 'm positive you 're right %eh it just registered . Right . it seems to me they may even have said something about him but I never met the third one so you know mhm . mhm . it did n't stick with me whatever they said . That was nice to see family you know %uh over the years it 's very interesting . mhm . Is n't it ? mhm . Do you ever see Abe ? He also lives in Ann Arbor . He 's very sick . oh . He had major surgery four or five years ago and he walked around That I remember . yeah . yeah like a walking skeleton . mhm . And the only time I see him now is if I call and ask them to come mhm . and I do n't think now that you mention it it 's been about a year . mhm . Before you know when
Now is n't there another daughter or do n't is it another daughter or another son ? oh uh-huh . And I 'm not sure either What 's there uh-huh . I 've only met those two but you 're right there 's one other chil- I think it seems to me another child . %uh I 'm positive you 're right %eh it just registered . Right . it seems to me they may even have said something about him but I never met the third one so you know mhm . mhm . it did n't stick with me whatever they said . That was nice to see family you know %uh over the years it 's very interesting . mhm . Is n't it ? mhm . Do you ever see Abe ? He also lives in Ann Arbor . He 's very sick . oh . He had major surgery four or five years ago and he walked around That I remember . yeah . yeah like a walking skeleton . mhm . And the only time I see him now is if I call and ask them to come mhm . and I do n't think now that you mention it it 's been about a year . mhm . Before you know when he was still quite well he would occasionally drop in mhm . because their daughter lives mhm . I think actually on the eastern part of the city . mhm . y- Not in Detroit but you know it 's not Warren Sterling Heights I do n't know something like that . yeah . yeah yeah . yeah yeah oh So if he was going to visit her he would you know occasionally stop in here on his way home . Sure . Sure . But since he 's been ill he does n't seem to do that . I 'm not sure that their daughter is Linda Yes yes . and I do n't know whether she got married or she 's just been living with this man for a long while but they tell me
And they still have just one daughter ? Yes and I think that 's probably all because %um I think Carl feels like people like me overpopulate the world . I have three sons now . Really ? yeah . gosh And %uh All boys ? Yes . No girls . oh my gosh oh that 's so interesting and you know %ah Jasmine and Sophie are taking swimming classes with Winston oh , are they ? yeah , and I was thinking of asking
So your first boy is Joel or Noel ? Noel . Noel or Noel . Noel . And he 's seven and a half . That 's how long ago that was . uh-huh Seven and a half . We have n't seen each other s- yeah in a long time uh-huh . And your other two boys ? Because a- %um . Thomas is three . uh-huh ? It 's Thomas Enrique is his full name . And then I have a baby who 's just going to turn ten months . oh really And what 's the baby 's name ? That 's Logan Andres %ah . oh how nice . So are you going to keep going ? or so and you two girls oh %ah well , I thought I was done really after Thomas not that I think two is the perfect number but I did n't expect to get pregnant a third time that happened when I was in Honduras last time that was really so mhm I was so angry at Oscar that I just knew there was no way that I could ever even think of going to bed with him you know and that 's when it happened but I love my little baby and -- %huh yeah but And you 're still with Oscar right that 's well we 're still married but he 's doing his own thing like usual so I pretty much take care of the crew all alone . He calls to see how they 're doing and %huh pops in every once in a while , but it 's tough . It really is and see his daughter lives here too wow she 's kin- She does ? Well , she has since well I think they 've been here five years now , five years this summer because we were figuring that they could apply for citizenship . Both Oscar and Lehia %um .
So your first boy is Joel or Noel ? Noel . Noel or Noel . Noel . And he 's seven and a half . That 's how long ago that was . uh-huh Seven and a half . We have n't seen each other s- yeah in a long time uh-huh . And your other two boys ? Because a- %um . Thomas is three . uh-huh ? It 's Thomas Enrique is his full name . And then I have a baby who 's just going to turn ten months . oh really And what 's the baby 's name ? That 's Logan Andres %ah . oh how nice . So are you going to keep going ? or so and you two girls oh %ah well , I thought I was done really after Thomas not that I think two is the perfect number but I did n't expect to get pregnant a third time that happened when I was in Honduras last time that was really so mhm I was so angry at Oscar that I just knew there was no way that I could ever even think of going to bed with him you know and that 's when it happened but I love my little baby and -- %huh yeah but And you 're still with Oscar right that 's well we 're still married but he 's doing his own thing like usual so I pretty much take care of the crew all alone . He calls to see how they 're doing and %huh pops in every once in a while , but it 's tough . It really is and see his daughter lives here too wow she 's kin- She does ? Well , she has since well I think they 've been here five years now , five years this summer because we were figuring that they could apply for citizenship . Both Oscar and Lehia %um . He 's twenty and she 's just turned eighteen now Wow . he does n't live here %um . He had kind of , well , so it 's a long long story but %um at one point when I got real irritated with Oscar everybody in the family insisted that I was an idiot and I should make him take care of his children which you know I really believed when I was there and I mean it does make a lot of intellectual sense , I guess . But it really I did n't want to do that to the kids but I did and so I sent them to stay with him and then I felt bad about it immediately and then he would n't let them come back and so it turned into a situation where Lehia was really the one that wanted to come back and Oscar junior kind of %um decided that living with his father was what he wanted mhm And Lehia 's mom used to beg
yeah in a long time uh-huh . And your other two boys ? Because a- %um . Thomas is three . uh-huh ? It 's Thomas Enrique is his full name . And then I have a baby who 's just going to turn ten months . oh really And what 's the baby 's name ? That 's Logan Andres %ah . oh how nice . So are you going to keep going ? or so and you two girls oh %ah well , I thought I was done really after Thomas not that I think two is the perfect number but I did n't expect to get pregnant a third time that happened when I was in Honduras last time that was really so mhm I was so angry at Oscar that I just knew there was no way that I could ever even think of going to bed with him you know and that 's when it happened but I love my little baby and -- %huh yeah but And you 're still with Oscar right that 's well we 're still married but he 's doing his own thing like usual so I pretty much take care of the crew all alone . He calls to see how they 're doing and %huh pops in every once in a while , but it 's tough . It really is and see his daughter lives here too wow she 's kin- She does ? Well , she has since well I think they 've been here five years now , five years this summer because we were figuring that they could apply for citizenship . Both Oscar and Lehia %um . He 's twenty and she 's just turned eighteen now Wow . he does n't live here %um . He had kind of , well , so it 's a long long story but %um at one point when I got real irritated with Oscar everybody in the family insisted that I was an idiot and I should make him take care of his children which you know I really believed when I was there and I mean it does make a lot of intellectual sense , I guess . But it really I did n't want to do that to the kids but I did and so I sent them to stay with him and then I felt bad about it immediately and then he would n't let them come back and so it turned into a situation where Lehia was really the one that wanted to come back and Oscar junior kind of %um decided that living with his father was what he wanted mhm And Lehia 's mom used to beg him to let her come back and he 'd say yes and then he 'd hang up the phone and he 'd say I 'd never let you go back there you know . I mean it was real stupid . It was n't really that
I know . You know a lady called me two weeks %uh there 's a little old Christian Indian lady in Omaha that I know God provided in my life because she 's been such an encouragement to me and Barry . oh . And %um her and her husband he 's %um just a real dear you know . And about two weeks before we moved here she called me at home and she said she 'd been praying all morning for us and she said Alison she said I just felt real strong I needed to call and tell you that God 's taking you to your promised land and
I know . You know a lady called me two weeks %uh there 's a little old Christian Indian lady in Omaha that I know God provided in my life because she 's been such an encouragement to me and Barry . oh . And %um her and her husband he 's %um just a real dear you know . And about two weeks before we moved here she called me at home and she said she 'd been praying all morning for us and she said Alison she said I just felt real strong I needed to call and tell you that God 's taking you to your promised land and she said %um see she does n't know my personal life you know we just share you know what I mean but she does n't know like me personally you know everything about us but it was amazing the insight she had into us you know she said God showed me that you guys made the best out of Omaha and you were like the children of Israel and you did n't complain and kick and scream in the wilderness you know . yeah . And so because you trusted God and made the best of it he 's taking you to your promised land quicker than if you 'd complained the whole time and she just had this wonderful oh it just gave me chills all over . I started crying . oh . and she said so you know just trust Him because he 's taking you to where
I know . You know a lady called me two weeks %uh there 's a little old Christian Indian lady in Omaha that I know God provided in my life because she 's been such an encouragement to me and Barry . oh . And %um her and her husband he 's %um just a real dear you know . And about two weeks before we moved here she called me at home and she said she 'd been praying all morning for us and she said Alison she said I just felt real strong I needed to call and tell you that God 's taking you to your promised land and she said %um see she does n't know my personal life you know we just share you know what I mean but she does n't know like me personally you know everything about us but it was amazing the insight she had into us you know she said God showed me that you guys made the best out of Omaha and you were like the children of Israel and you did n't complain and kick and scream in the wilderness you know . yeah . And so because you trusted God and made the best of it he 's taking you to your promised land quicker than if you 'd complained the whole time and she just had this wonderful oh it just gave me chills all over . I started crying . oh . and she said so you know just trust Him because he 's taking you to where he wants you to be because you were faithful you know in Omaha and it was kind of like a wilderness . We did make the best of it you know . yeah . But her insight was so perceptive . I started crying . I was like oh that 's wonderful . And so then she says well we love you good bye . aw . And that is what it was like too you know . We made the best of it tried not to complain You really have to yeah . and made the best of it and then this is like the promised land to us . It might not be to someone else you know . mhm . But for us it is . yeah . And then I was thinking just like you said if you come down here around Christmas time I wo n't have to worry about getting up here you know . I know it that 's going to be great . I 'm supposed to be there I 'm going to go to Denver first and then I 'll come up to Casper on December fourth I know . okay okay aw good . and I 'll be there till after Christmas then . oh and the baby . yeah oh Alison
I know . You know a lady called me two weeks %uh there 's a little old Christian Indian lady in Omaha that I know God provided in my life because she 's been such an encouragement to me and Barry . oh . And %um her and her husband he 's %um just a real dear you know . And about two weeks before we moved here she called me at home and she said she 'd been praying all morning for us and she said Alison she said I just felt real strong I needed to call and tell you that God 's taking you to your promised land and she said %um see she does n't know my personal life you know we just share you know what I mean but she does n't know like me personally you know everything about us but it was amazing the insight she had into us you know she said God showed me that you guys made the best out of Omaha and you were like the children of Israel and you did n't complain and kick and scream in the wilderness you know . yeah . And so because you trusted God and made the best of it he 's taking you to your promised land quicker than if you 'd complained the whole time and she just had this wonderful oh it just gave me chills all over . I started crying . oh . and she said so you know just trust Him because he 's taking you to where he wants you to be because you were faithful you know in Omaha and it was kind of like a wilderness . We did make the best of it you know . yeah . But her insight was so perceptive . I started crying . I was like oh that 's wonderful . And so then she says well we love you good bye . aw . And that is what it was like too you know . We made the best of it tried not to complain You really have to yeah . and made the best of it and then this is like the promised land to us . It might not be to someone else you know . mhm . But for us it is . yeah . And then I was thinking just like you said if you come down here around Christmas time I wo n't have to worry about getting up here you know . I know it that 's going to be great . I 'm supposed to be there I 'm going to go to Denver first and then I 'll come up to Casper on December fourth I know . okay okay aw good . and I 'll be there till after Christmas then . oh and the baby . yeah oh Alison he is beautiful . oh I get to be its aunt . Auntie Alison . Yes .
I know . You know a lady called me two weeks %uh there 's a little old Christian Indian lady in Omaha that I know God provided in my life because she 's been such an encouragement to me and Barry . oh . And %um her and her husband he 's %um just a real dear you know . And about two weeks before we moved here she called me at home and she said she 'd been praying all morning for us and she said Alison she said I just felt real strong I needed to call and tell you that God 's taking you to your promised land and she said %um see she does n't know my personal life you know we just share you know what I mean but she does n't know like me personally you know everything about us but it was amazing the insight she had into us you know she said God showed me that you guys made the best out of Omaha and you were like the children of Israel and you did n't complain and kick and scream in the wilderness you know . yeah . And so because you trusted God and made the best of it he 's taking you to your promised land quicker than if you 'd complained the whole time and she just had this wonderful oh it just gave me chills all over . I started crying . oh . and she said so you know just trust Him because he 's taking you to where he wants you to be because you were faithful you know in Omaha and it was kind of like a wilderness . We did make the best of it you know . yeah . But her insight was so perceptive . I started crying . I was like oh that 's wonderful . And so then she says well we love you good bye . aw . And that is what it was like too you know . We made the best of it tried not to complain You really have to yeah . and made the best of it and then this is like the promised land to us . It might not be to someone else you know . mhm . But for us it is . yeah . And then I was thinking just like you said if you come down here around Christmas time I wo n't have to worry about getting up here you know . I know it that 's going to be great . I 'm supposed to be there I 'm going to go to Denver first and then I 'll come up to Casper on December fourth I know . okay okay aw good . and I 'll be there till after Christmas then . oh and the baby . yeah oh Alison he is beautiful . oh I get to be its aunt . Auntie Alison . Yes . He 'll call you auntie . oh oh
we just share you know what I mean but she does n't know like me personally you know everything about us but it was amazing the insight she had into us you know she said God showed me that you guys made the best out of Omaha and you were like the children of Israel and you did n't complain and kick and scream in the wilderness you know . yeah . And so because you trusted God and made the best of it he 's taking you to your promised land quicker than if you 'd complained the whole time and she just had this wonderful oh it just gave me chills all over . I started crying . oh . and she said so you know just trust Him because he 's taking you to where he wants you to be because you were faithful you know in Omaha and it was kind of like a wilderness . We did make the best of it you know . yeah . But her insight was so perceptive . I started crying . I was like oh that 's wonderful . And so then she says well we love you good bye . aw . And that is what it was like too you know . We made the best of it tried not to complain You really have to yeah . and made the best of it and then this is like the promised land to us . It might not be to someone else you know . mhm . But for us it is . yeah . And then I was thinking just like you said if you come down here around Christmas time I wo n't have to worry about getting up here you know . I know it that 's going to be great . I 'm supposed to be there I 'm going to go to Denver first and then I 'll come up to Casper on December fourth I know . okay okay aw good . and I 'll be there till after Christmas then . oh and the baby . yeah oh Alison he is beautiful . oh I get to be its aunt . Auntie Alison . Yes . He 'll call you auntie . oh oh he is so beautiful and he 's such a good baby . I have tears thinking about oh dear are n't they sweet . oh they 're just wonderful . I feel like I could have ten . uh-huh I am . I 've got my fourth on the way . are you pregnant ? Yes it was n't on purpose . oh then congratulations . oh %mm I always wanted a lot remember . Yes oh . God I guess it 's happening yep . That 's wonderful . Well Ti the other day was teasing me because he wants to have them right in a row and like I 'd like to get pregnant in a year and he kept Well let me speak to
but it was amazing the insight she had into us you know she said God showed me that you guys made the best out of Omaha and you were like the children of Israel and you did n't complain and kick and scream in the wilderness you know . yeah . And so because you trusted God and made the best of it he 's taking you to your promised land quicker than if you 'd complained the whole time and she just had this wonderful oh it just gave me chills all over . I started crying . oh . and she said so you know just trust Him because he 's taking you to where he wants you to be because you were faithful you know in Omaha and it was kind of like a wilderness . We did make the best of it you know . yeah . But her insight was so perceptive . I started crying . I was like oh that 's wonderful . And so then she says well we love you good bye . aw . And that is what it was like too you know . We made the best of it tried not to complain You really have to yeah . and made the best of it and then this is like the promised land to us . It might not be to someone else you know . mhm . But for us it is . yeah . And then I was thinking just like you said if you come down here around Christmas time I wo n't have to worry about getting up here you know . I know it that 's going to be great . I 'm supposed to be there I 'm going to go to Denver first and then I 'll come up to Casper on December fourth I know . okay okay aw good . and I 'll be there till after Christmas then . oh and the baby . yeah oh Alison he is beautiful . oh I get to be its aunt . Auntie Alison . Yes . He 'll call you auntie . oh oh he is so beautiful and he 's such a good baby . I have tears thinking about oh dear are n't they sweet . oh they 're just wonderful . I feel like I could have ten . uh-huh I am . I 've got my fourth on the way . are you pregnant ? Yes it was n't on purpose . oh then congratulations . oh %mm I always wanted a lot remember . Yes oh . God I guess it 's happening yep . That 's wonderful . Well Ti the other day was teasing me because he wants to have them right in a row and like I 'd like to get pregnant in a year and he kept Well let me speak to him about having them in a row . I can fill
she 'll be more than two when I come home no she 'll be She 'll be nineteen months and then when the baby 's born
all this you know so oh well . So the good old Phillies we 're not quite that avid fans No they 've gone down to the bottom again have n't they or pretty close oh they probably well they won today . Or did they ? Yes Pat was listening to the game . They won today in the tenth inning oh And they won another game this week so that 's good you know they 're coming up a little bit you know but %uh Well maybe they 'll get back up there mhm they really get into these slumps I mean it 's unbelievable Yes mhm yeah mhm you almost hate to see them lose a game because it 's as though here goes about twelve or thirteen they 're going to lose you know it 's like they do n't just lose one or two and then win it 's just they get into a real slump mhm . Well but anyway and and now it 's just Pat and I home this evening oh that 's all Mary 's away She 's on retreat mhm She gets back Tuesday I think uh-huh . And %uh question did you see Annette today ? I did yeah Pat and I went over %eh we went over this morning about eleven How 's she doing ? mhm . Well she looked well %eh she 's on complete bed rest because she has the phlebitis %hm uh-huh . Definitely and they had to give her the Heprin and of course that affects her platelets oh And you know she said he was going to give her the chemo this Thursday oh wow So I do n't know she said I 'm just disgusted and mhm You know I could appreciate this but I 'm thinking why does n't
Well this is what I wanted to tell you what she was aiming to is to get to the %uh Israeli teachers ' organization so she could speak more about her book and then she has got another one that she is writing now . Is n't she something . You see she wrote the one and it 's been really a success and -- Wonderful . -- yeah , she spoke to them and the ministry of education has approved it so it will be available if what is the name of the title of the book . it 's world folklore . I 'll send you a pamphlet you 'll see . oh I have to buy that book . %uh she has to %uh autograph it for me and I have to have it . Well she That should be fascinating . Well she 's ordered it through %uh what 's his name %uh is it Eric Kahn or somebody who handles Yes yes yes yes but it 's yeah yeah -- yeah that 's it . So it will be available . They 've had a hard time somehow getting it across because it comes through Cypress you know there are all kinds Yes -- -- of drayluch that evolved -- but is n't
Well it feels like a real pain in the ass . That sucks I know I just have so much work to do and It 's just not an option to not do this work because It 's just me and this other kid in the class . yeah it 's not like he 's not going to call on you . with a scary professor yeah so it 's not like I can just sit there and pretend to have read all of this stuff yeah . and I do n't know he just gives a ton of reading Probably not remembering that he 's expecting us to do an extensive research paper , as well . Really ? and I 'm already up to my eyeballs in work and Joanna Nichols is insisting that I take this independent study with her but she does n't want to teach it I do n't want to take it . We do n't know what we 're doing . She does n't want to meet me . It 's like Hello ? And I still I know so she 's like well come up with a bibliography of dialectology stuff you want to read and see me on Tuesday and I 'm like you obviously do n't want to do this . I do n't want to do it . so oh she was on N P R last week , by the way Really ? that 's cool she taught After she was on Talk &of &the Nation What was she talking about ? She was talking about the origins of language but the thing is I did n't hear it because Eric heard it in the car and he called me at work and left a message but Darren was on the line . %uh So then Eric got there and we turned it on . I only heard the last few minutes . I heard
Hello oh yeah yeah you said people are not no the red meat is suffering I guess I noticed that last time I was home but I do n't eat any either so yeah I know it 's not a good idea I but Canada does n't use that junk I mean and they tell us I think Europe wo n't buy from us because they do n't want the hormones with stuff in it yeah yeah I know I know it 's %uh but we 're using it naturally Well so everything you kn- I tell you it breaks my heart when I see them following that they think everything is so wonderful if there 's some yeah yeah I know they take the good and the bad all the and that 's t- yeah oh it 's pitiful that makes me very very sad you know oh it 's %eh very sad and even the Russians they come over and I know I can see the attitude %ah well that of course they know for ins- he 's working in a neighborhood association like on funds yeah yeah on grants he does a wonderful job and they help him oh I think he was n't working when Holly was here I think
I know is it something you know you remember Fred Allen and Irene ? no I do n't %uh they 're just names to me really I 'm sorry but they 're just names to me I do n't know them yeah oh because you were %ah you know yeah they had a farm when they were first married which was like nineteen forty eight yeah ? and then they moved away hello %uh oh yeah I 'm here yeah So I think I still got five or ten minutes here as far as I know I 'm looking at my Are you timed or yeah yeah yeah Well keep talking until we hang up it 's nice talking to you yeah yeah %um So what about the Allens ? then they moved away to Middletown he was in the girls ' do you remember the girls ' reformatory in Hudson yeah yeah %um It was right across the street from my Aunt Seal 's house oh she lived there ? On Worth Avenue I th- She did on Wor- yeah like Bessie lived on Worth Avenue yeah %um yeah %um well it was %um my Uncle Ralph 's it was my father 's %eh you know half brother right right I remember yeah Mitnics the Mitnics yes yes Well what about the Allens what was their connection to that Well so originally
%uh do you remember %uh Lenny Kocherstein and of course Lenny I know and Gloria and Bessie Kocherstein I remember yeah Lenny you said he was the husband yeah alright it was Lenny 's yeah %uh older sister so she was her fi- she 's a little older like I do n't know how many years older than him like one or two years older than him oh no I just remember Lenny and Gloria no I do n't remember meeting
Xinhua News Agency , Beijing , January 16 , by wire -LRB- reporter Wenxin Fan -RRB- Kazuo Nakamura , Director of Research at Japan 's Dai - Ichi Kangyo Bank , said here today that the real growth rate of the world economy in 1998 will be about 3 % . Kazuo Nakamura , at a public lecture jointly organized by Beijing 's Wu Jia Economic Consulting Company , Ltd. and Japan 's Dai - Ichi Kangyo Bank , made a report concerning the new year 's world economic and financial situation . After he reviewed the world economic and financial situation of '97 , he said that due to the economic growth in Asia , including Japan , further slowing down , the economic growth of America , even though its current economic activity is relatively good , and of other countries will also feel a very large effect . Compared with the rapid growth of the past , the world economy has entered a period of adjustment .
Xinhua News Agency , Beijing , January 16 , by wire -LRB- reporter Wenxin Fan -RRB- Kazuo Nakamura , Director of Research at Japan 's Dai - Ichi Kangyo Bank , said here today that the real growth rate of the world economy in 1998 will be about 3 % . Kazuo Nakamura , at a public lecture jointly organized by Beijing 's Wu Jia Economic Consulting Company , Ltd. and Japan 's Dai - Ichi Kangyo Bank , made a report concerning the new year 's world economic and financial situation . After he reviewed the world economic and financial situation of '97 , he said that due to the economic growth in Asia , including Japan , further slowing down , the economic growth of America , even though its current economic activity is relatively good , and of other countries will also feel a very large effect . Compared with the rapid growth of the past , the world economy has entered a period of adjustment . He forecast that the real growth rate for the world economy this year would fall from the 3.9 % of '97 down to 3 % . Nakamura thought that the rate of economic growth of Asia 's countries and regions , with Korea and Thailand being the most prominent , would slide downward to a large extent . But ,
Xinhua News Agency , Tokyo , February 13th , by reporter Qing Yu More than 200 overseas Chinese and Taiwan compatriots living in Japan gathered happily together tonight in the Chinese embassy to celebrate the Year of the Goat . Ambassador Zhenya Yang first extended his Spring Festival greetings to those overseas Chinese and the Taiwan compatriots . Overseas Chinese and Taiwan compatriots were praised for making important contributions to supporting and assisting the motherland 's socialist construction .
Xinhua News Agency , Beijing , September 1st On the invitation of President Yeltsin of Russia , President Kuchma of the Ukraine and President Mitterrand of France , President Zemin Jiang will leave Beijing tomorrow afternoon to begin official and state visits to the above countries which will last for 10 days . Zemin Jiang 's wife , Yeping Wang will visit with
Xinhua News Agency , Jakarta , April 23rd , by reporters Xinkao Zhao and Ruiping Liu The Indonesian international master Handoger defeated his compatriot Adiandor in the tenth round of the chess grandmaster invitational today . With score of 6 points ,
We 're going to turn now to some of the other stories in our world tonight . Here 's Erica Hill from Headline News . Hi Erica . Hi Paula . we start off with a tragic dispute after a traffic . a tragic death has now been settled in court . Now the dispute came between divorced parents over where to bury their son who was killed in Iraq . A California judge has now ruled army staff sergeant Jason Hendrix to remain buried next to his grandfather that is in Oklahoma where his father lives . His mother claimed her son wanted to be buried in California where
They happen to be the most vulnerable of hurricane victims the elderly many desperately ill living in nursing homes their fate in the hands of others . Dozens died . There are at least thirteen investigations now underway . And at some nursing homes the failure to evacuate cost lives . In other cases it was the evacuation itself that proved fatal . Here 's Keith Oppenheim . My mother was Thelma Wahl . She was ninety years old . She was a very good mother . She was at Huntingdon because she needed care . Priscilla Scott is mourning . Her ninety year old mother Thelma Wahl was a resident of the Huntingdon Place Nursing Home in Chalmette outside New Orleans . Priscilla says Thelma Wahl had serious osteoperosis fractures in her vertebrae but says Thelma was not on the verge of death . On Sunday August twenty - eighth the day before Hurricane Katrina struck the nursing home decided to evacuate patients . They waited too late to make the decision . Priscilla says her mother should have been transported by ambulance . Instead she says her mother sat on a school bus for twelve hours to Lafayette Louisiana normally a three hour trip .
We 're going to turn now to some of the other stories in our world tonight . Here 's Erica Hill from Headline News . Hi Erica . Hi Paula . we start off with a tragic dispute after a traffic . a tragic death has now been settled in court . Now the dispute came between divorced parents over where to bury their son who was killed in Iraq . A California judge has now ruled army staff sergeant Jason Hendrix to remain buried next to his grandfather that is in Oklahoma where his father lives . His mother claimed her son wanted to be buried in California where
They happen to be the most vulnerable of hurricane victims the elderly many desperately ill living in nursing homes their fate in the hands of others . Dozens died . There are at least thirteen investigations now underway . And at some nursing homes the failure to evacuate cost lives . In other cases it was the evacuation itself that proved fatal . Here 's Keith Oppenheim . My mother was Thelma Wahl . She was ninety years old . She was a very good mother . She was at Huntingdon because she needed care . Priscilla Scott is mourning . Her ninety year old mother Thelma Wahl was a resident of the Huntingdon Place Nursing Home in Chalmette outside New Orleans . Priscilla says Thelma Wahl had serious osteoperosis fractures in her vertebrae but says Thelma was not on the verge of death . On Sunday August twenty - eighth the day before Hurricane Katrina struck the nursing home decided to evacuate patients . They waited too late to make the decision . Priscilla says her mother should have been transported by ambulance . Instead she says her mother sat on a school bus for twelve hours to Lafayette Louisiana normally a three hour trip .
And we talked about family members . and Lora Owens is the stepmother of Albert Owens the convenience store worker that Tookie Williams was convicted of killing .
And we talked about family members . and Lora Owens is the stepmother of Albert Owens the convenience store worker that Tookie Williams was convicted of killing . She joins us now by phone . and I appreciate your time Lora . I want to take a moment to talk about Albert if you do n't mind and just uh remind us about
She joins us now by phone . and I appreciate your time Lora . I want to take a moment to talk about Albert if you do n't mind and just uh remind us about his life . Okay . Go ahead Lora . Thank you for having me on . I appreciate the opportunity to be able to even speak about Albert . He seems to be the forgotten one . Unfortunately the Owens family studied gangs specifically the gang that Williams had because it affected our life . Do you have any idea the impact that it has had on the Owens family ? See the picture of my son ? We see him . That 's a man that went out . he wanted to make an honest living where Williams goes out to take whatever he wants . Now we have a major impact . Life 's different now because of what Williams did to the Owens family . Life 's a lot different . I do n't have to study gangs . I only have to study what Williams did . Is death ? A big difference . Lora is death the answer ? Does Tookie Williams need to die ? Is that what would make you feel better would make your family feel better ? It 's called closure Miss Phillips . That 's what it 's called because when someone like Williams can do all of these things ? what has he paid ? He does n't even say he 's guilty . He says he 's innocent . Alright so you have to do that with all of the appeals . He says he 's sorry . For what . that he did n't get away with it ? He could do so much to stop gangs . He ? Is he ? No he does n't do any of that . What he does is find somebody who 's willing to write for him somebody who 's out there with the cause . Williams is n't the important one in this right to life cause . It 's the fact that it is a cause . and he 's got all of these people behind him . They have n't walked where the Owens family has walked . They have n't had to take someone who 's been murdered and try and build a life without them . Lora Tookie has this apology uh that he has written that of course he wants everybody to hear . Part of it says I pray that one day my apology will be accepted . I also pray that your suffering caused by gang violence will soon come to an end as more gang members wake up and stop hurting themselves and others . I vow to spend the rest of my life working toward solutions . Does that give you any sense of peace ?
You know it 's hard to think of a more agonizing decision that a parent could face choosing whether to let a child die or to hold out hope no matter what the doctors and all the other experts say . Usually these horrible decisions are made in private . sometimes unfortunately they divide an entire country . The sad case of Terri Schiavo not only tore her family apart . it really re-ignited a debate as thorny as it is heartbreaking . The case of Jansen Jones is just as complicated and equally heartbreaking . CNN 's Rick Sanchez from Bountiful Utah with more . Rick ? Yeah thanks so much Anderson . This is the new facility where uh Jansen Jones is going to be staying from now on . His father decided that he should be here . Uh this is what we know about his case . He was probably unable to breathe accoding to his parents and experts who have talked to him for about twenty minutes . Now we 've talked to medical experts about this situation . and they tell us if a fifteen year old goes without oxygen for fifteen to twenty minutes , what results is usually severe and irreparable brain damage . Here now is Jansen 's story . You 're not supposed to have a heart attack when you 're only fifteen years old . I 'll never forget the morning that uh I got the news . The news was grim . Margaret 's little boy with the likeable smile and the dimple cheeks had experienced full cardiac arrest . What 's worse it happened on this dark street corner one morning while riding his bike to school . He was all alone no mom no dad no help until finally he was spotted by a paramedic on her way to work . When we found
You know it 's hard to think of a more agonizing decision that a parent could face choosing whether to let a child die or to hold out hope no matter what the doctors and all the other experts say . Usually these horrible decisions are made in private . sometimes unfortunately they divide an entire country . The sad case of Terri Schiavo not only tore her family apart . it really re-ignited a debate as thorny as it is heartbreaking . The case of Jansen Jones is just as complicated and equally heartbreaking . CNN 's Rick Sanchez from Bountiful Utah with more . Rick ? Yeah thanks so much Anderson . This is the new facility where uh Jansen Jones is going to be staying from now on . His father decided that he should be here . Uh this is what we know about his case . He was probably unable to breathe accoding to his parents and experts who have talked to him for about twenty minutes . Now we 've talked to medical experts about this situation . and they tell us if a fifteen year old goes without oxygen for fifteen to twenty minutes , what results is usually severe and irreparable brain damage . Here now is Jansen 's story . You 're not supposed to have a heart attack when you 're only fifteen years old . I 'll never forget the morning that uh I got the news . The news was grim . Margaret 's little boy with the likeable smile and the dimple cheeks had experienced full cardiac arrest . What 's worse it happened on this dark street corner one morning while riding his bike to school . He was all alone no mom no dad no help until finally he was spotted by a paramedic on her way to work . When we found him he was um still on his bike . um and his head was um against cement . Jansen Jones was rushed by helicopter to the hospital . Did you think
You know it 's hard to think of a more agonizing decision that a parent could face choosing whether to let a child die or to hold out hope no matter what the doctors and all the other experts say . Usually these horrible decisions are made in private . sometimes unfortunately they divide an entire country . The sad case of Terri Schiavo not only tore her family apart . it really re-ignited a debate as thorny as it is heartbreaking . The case of Jansen Jones is just as complicated and equally heartbreaking . CNN 's Rick Sanchez from Bountiful Utah with more . Rick ? Yeah thanks so much Anderson . This is the new facility where uh Jansen Jones is going to be staying from now on . His father decided that he should be here . Uh this is what we know about his case . He was probably unable to breathe accoding to his parents and experts who have talked to him for about twenty minutes . Now we 've talked to medical experts about this situation . and they tell us if a fifteen year old goes without oxygen for fifteen to twenty minutes , what results is usually severe and irreparable brain damage . Here now is Jansen 's story . You 're not supposed to have a heart attack when you 're only fifteen years old . I 'll never forget the morning that uh I got the news . The news was grim . Margaret 's little boy with the likeable smile and the dimple cheeks had experienced full cardiac arrest . What 's worse it happened on this dark street corner one morning while riding his bike to school . He was all alone no mom no dad no help until finally he was spotted by a paramedic on her way to work . When we found him he was um still on his bike . um and his head was um against cement . Jansen Jones was rushed by helicopter to the hospital . Did you think he would be able to pull through ? I had faith . But then doctors showed Margaret her son 's MRI test and explained to
You know it 's hard to think of a more agonizing decision that a parent could face choosing whether to let a child die or to hold out hope no matter what the doctors and all the other experts say . Usually these horrible decisions are made in private . sometimes unfortunately they divide an entire country . The sad case of Terri Schiavo not only tore her family apart . it really re-ignited a debate as thorny as it is heartbreaking . The case of Jansen Jones is just as complicated and equally heartbreaking . CNN 's Rick Sanchez from Bountiful Utah with more . Rick ? Yeah thanks so much Anderson . This is the new facility where uh Jansen Jones is going to be staying from now on . His father decided that he should be here . Uh this is what we know about his case . He was probably unable to breathe accoding to his parents and experts who have talked to him for about twenty minutes . Now we 've talked to medical experts about this situation . and they tell us if a fifteen year old goes without oxygen for fifteen to twenty minutes , what results is usually severe and irreparable brain damage . Here now is Jansen 's story . You 're not supposed to have a heart attack when you 're only fifteen years old . I 'll never forget the morning that uh I got the news . The news was grim . Margaret 's little boy with the likeable smile and the dimple cheeks had experienced full cardiac arrest . What 's worse it happened on this dark street corner one morning while riding his bike to school . He was all alone no mom no dad no help until finally he was spotted by a paramedic on her way to work . When we found him he was um still on his bike . um and his head was um against cement . Jansen Jones was rushed by helicopter to the hospital . Did you think he would be able to pull through ? I had faith . But then doctors showed Margaret her son 's MRI test and explained to her what results when the brain is deprived of oxygen . Does he blink ? No . Does he make any sounds ? No . Nothing . Nothing . Are you convinced that
You know it 's hard to think of a more agonizing decision that a parent could face choosing whether to let a child die or to hold out hope no matter what the doctors and all the other experts say . Usually these horrible decisions are made in private . sometimes unfortunately they divide an entire country . The sad case of Terri Schiavo not only tore her family apart . it really re-ignited a debate as thorny as it is heartbreaking . The case of Jansen Jones is just as complicated and equally heartbreaking . CNN 's Rick Sanchez from Bountiful Utah with more . Rick ? Yeah thanks so much Anderson . This is the new facility where uh Jansen Jones is going to be staying from now on . His father decided that he should be here . Uh this is what we know about his case . He was probably unable to breathe accoding to his parents and experts who have talked to him for about twenty minutes . Now we 've talked to medical experts about this situation . and they tell us if a fifteen year old goes without oxygen for fifteen to twenty minutes , what results is usually severe and irreparable brain damage . Here now is Jansen 's story . You 're not supposed to have a heart attack when you 're only fifteen years old . I 'll never forget the morning that uh I got the news . The news was grim . Margaret 's little boy with the likeable smile and the dimple cheeks had experienced full cardiac arrest . What 's worse it happened on this dark street corner one morning while riding his bike to school . He was all alone no mom no dad no help until finally he was spotted by a paramedic on her way to work . When we found him he was um still on his bike . um and his head was um against cement . Jansen Jones was rushed by helicopter to the hospital . Did you think he would be able to pull through ? I had faith . But then doctors showed Margaret her son 's MRI test and explained to her what results when the brain is deprived of oxygen . Does he blink ? No . Does he make any sounds ? No . Nothing . Nothing . Are you convinced that he is in fact brain - dead ? Yes I am . Margaret made a decision after talking to hospital officials here at the University of Utah that she would take her son off of life support .
The sad case of Terri Schiavo not only tore her family apart . it really re-ignited a debate as thorny as it is heartbreaking . The case of Jansen Jones is just as complicated and equally heartbreaking . CNN 's Rick Sanchez from Bountiful Utah with more . Rick ? Yeah thanks so much Anderson . This is the new facility where uh Jansen Jones is going to be staying from now on . His father decided that he should be here . Uh this is what we know about his case . He was probably unable to breathe accoding to his parents and experts who have talked to him for about twenty minutes . Now we 've talked to medical experts about this situation . and they tell us if a fifteen year old goes without oxygen for fifteen to twenty minutes , what results is usually severe and irreparable brain damage . Here now is Jansen 's story . You 're not supposed to have a heart attack when you 're only fifteen years old . I 'll never forget the morning that uh I got the news . The news was grim . Margaret 's little boy with the likeable smile and the dimple cheeks had experienced full cardiac arrest . What 's worse it happened on this dark street corner one morning while riding his bike to school . He was all alone no mom no dad no help until finally he was spotted by a paramedic on her way to work . When we found him he was um still on his bike . um and his head was um against cement . Jansen Jones was rushed by helicopter to the hospital . Did you think he would be able to pull through ? I had faith . But then doctors showed Margaret her son 's MRI test and explained to her what results when the brain is deprived of oxygen . Does he blink ? No . Does he make any sounds ? No . Nothing . Nothing . Are you convinced that he is in fact brain - dead ? Yes I am . Margaret made a decision after talking to hospital officials here at the University of Utah that she would take her son off of life support . She made the decision though not based solely on science or even her own observations . She tells us she made the decision based on her Christianity her faith . And you do n't think that God would want you to have your son continue in the condition he 's in now ? No . You 're convinced of that . Yes . But God is also the reason Margaret 's ex-husband Jansen 's father gives for his decision to keep the boy on life support . He needs to be given a chance to live . Also a devout Christian John Jones has little faith in what doctors tell him . Doctors have been wrong before and misdiagnosed . I do n't agree with
CNN 's Rick Sanchez from Bountiful Utah with more . Rick ? Yeah thanks so much Anderson . This is the new facility where uh Jansen Jones is going to be staying from now on . His father decided that he should be here . Uh this is what we know about his case . He was probably unable to breathe accoding to his parents and experts who have talked to him for about twenty minutes . Now we 've talked to medical experts about this situation . and they tell us if a fifteen year old goes without oxygen for fifteen to twenty minutes , what results is usually severe and irreparable brain damage . Here now is Jansen 's story . You 're not supposed to have a heart attack when you 're only fifteen years old . I 'll never forget the morning that uh I got the news . The news was grim . Margaret 's little boy with the likeable smile and the dimple cheeks had experienced full cardiac arrest . What 's worse it happened on this dark street corner one morning while riding his bike to school . He was all alone no mom no dad no help until finally he was spotted by a paramedic on her way to work . When we found him he was um still on his bike . um and his head was um against cement . Jansen Jones was rushed by helicopter to the hospital . Did you think he would be able to pull through ? I had faith . But then doctors showed Margaret her son 's MRI test and explained to her what results when the brain is deprived of oxygen . Does he blink ? No . Does he make any sounds ? No . Nothing . Nothing . Are you convinced that he is in fact brain - dead ? Yes I am . Margaret made a decision after talking to hospital officials here at the University of Utah that she would take her son off of life support . She made the decision though not based solely on science or even her own observations . She tells us she made the decision based on her Christianity her faith . And you do n't think that God would want you to have your son continue in the condition he 's in now ? No . You 're convinced of that . Yes . But God is also the reason Margaret 's ex-husband Jansen 's father gives for his decision to keep the boy on life support . He needs to be given a chance to live . Also a devout Christian John Jones has little faith in what doctors tell him . Doctors have been wrong before and misdiagnosed . I do n't agree with him at all . In fact when asked you think letting him go is the Christian thing to do , She says ? Yes I think so . While
She made the decision though not based solely on science or even her own observations . She tells us she made the decision based on her Christianity her faith . And you do n't think that God would want you to have your son continue in the condition he 's in now ? No . You 're convinced of that . Yes . But God is also the reason Margaret 's ex-husband Jansen 's father gives for his decision to keep the boy on life support . He needs to be given a chance to live . Also a devout Christian John Jones has little faith in what doctors tell him . Doctors have been wrong before and misdiagnosed . I do n't agree with him at all . In fact when asked you think letting him go is the Christian thing to do , She says ? Yes I think so . While he says ? I believe in a living God . and I believe that uh you can still perform miracles as you want to call them . Two parents one God and one life or death decision that may end up being settled in a court of law . Rick how could this wind up in the courts ? Well here in the state of Utah because the father had custody of the child they 've been divorced now for uh three years he would be able to make the decision . However if the mother decides that she wants to take him to court to see if her decision is allowed all the folks in this uh state that I have talked to who 've dealt with matters like this in the past say that judges usually allow the evidence to be heard from both sides . That would mean Anderson what you would have is another court battle as you alluded to earlier similar to the Schiavo case . All right Rick Sanchez in Bountiful . Thanks very much Rick . You know it 's been more than seven months now since Terri Schiavo 's life came to an end . She died March thirty - first thirteen days after her feeding tube was removed . Up to that point we got to know Schiavo 's parents and her husband fairly well as their fight played out all too publicly on television . Since Terri 's death they have n't been seen much on the national stage . but their battles go on . Tonight in a new segment we 're calling Memory Lapse we take a look at what the family is doing right now . Teri 's husband Michael is back in the news making a splash in politics far from home by endorsing the candidacy of democrat Tim Kaine for governor of Virginia in tonight 's election . Michael Schiavo spoke out against politicians intervening in family affairs . He 's also been busy writing about his side of the battle over his wife .
We 're back with Linda Hamilton . Were you comfortable because of the illness being frantic ? Actually I think that was a pretty ordinary place for me to go to . So it was n't hard for you to go nuts , right ? I was frantic inside . No . And to just sort of let it get out there in a way that was you know safe . At its height how bad was it ? What would you hallucinate ? Um it was not terrible hallucinations . at its height the biggest low was uh the birth of my second child and a post-partem depression that followed which was very much like a psychosis . I could n't leave the house without thinking that they were going to be chopped into bloody pieces . I mean I had visions . I could n't leave my house without feeling ? you know at this point I had gone through thirteen nannies or something . and I just did not feel that my kids were going to be OK if I was not in the house protecting them . Did you ever think you would harm them ? That happens sometimes . Um no I have not ever felt that . but I know people that have . and I praise God that that did n't happen to me . Did you have hallucinations too ? Not hallucinations as you would call them but cyclical thoughts that repeated terrible sleep disturbances . Months would go by where I would n't get a decent night 's sleep , where it would literally feel like I could n't sleep . I had anxiety attacks . How did your husbands deal with this ? Well um I was a challenge . I think Jim said to me once I like who I leave in the morning but I do n't always know who I 'm going to come home to at night because depending on what had happened during the day if something had distressed me , a small thing had become a huge thing and I could n't let it go and I could n't forgive and I could n't get out of myself and I just could n't let go .
We 're back with Linda Hamilton . Were you comfortable because of the illness being frantic ? Actually I think that was a pretty ordinary place for me to go to . So it was n't hard for you to go nuts , right ? I was frantic inside . No . And to just sort of let it get out there in a way that was you know safe . At its height how bad was it ? What would you hallucinate ? Um it was not terrible hallucinations . at its height the biggest low was uh the birth of my second child and a post-partem depression that followed which was very much like a psychosis . I could n't leave the house without thinking that they were going to be chopped into bloody pieces . I mean I had visions . I could n't leave my house without feeling ? you know at this point I had gone through thirteen nannies or something . and I just did not feel that my kids were going to be OK if I was not in the house protecting them . Did you ever think you would harm them ? That happens sometimes . Um no I have not ever felt that . but I know people that have . and I praise God that that did n't happen to me . Did you have hallucinations too ? Not hallucinations as you would call them but cyclical thoughts that repeated terrible sleep disturbances . Months would go by where I would n't get a decent night 's sleep , where it would literally feel like I could n't sleep . I had anxiety attacks . How did your husbands deal with this ? Well um I was a challenge . I think Jim said to me once I like who I leave in the morning but I do n't always know who I 'm going to come home to at night because depending on what had happened during the day if something had distressed me , a small thing had become a huge thing and I could n't let it go and I could n't forgive and I could n't get out of myself and I just could n't let go . He directed you , did
We 're back with Linda Hamilton . Were you comfortable because of the illness being frantic ? Actually I think that was a pretty ordinary place for me to go to . So it was n't hard for you to go nuts , right ? I was frantic inside . No . And to just sort of let it get out there in a way that was you know safe . At its height how bad was it ? What would you hallucinate ? Um it was not terrible hallucinations . at its height the biggest low was uh the birth of my second child and a post-partem depression that followed which was very much like a psychosis . I could n't leave the house without thinking that they were going to be chopped into bloody pieces . I mean I had visions . I could n't leave my house without feeling ? you know at this point I had gone through thirteen nannies or something . and I just did not feel that my kids were going to be OK if I was not in the house protecting them . Did you ever think you would harm them ? That happens sometimes . Um no I have not ever felt that . but I know people that have . and I praise God that that did n't happen to me . Did you have hallucinations too ? Not hallucinations as you would call them but cyclical thoughts that repeated terrible sleep disturbances . Months would go by where I would n't get a decent night 's sleep , where it would literally feel like I could n't sleep . I had anxiety attacks . How did your husbands deal with this ? Well um I was a challenge . I think Jim said to me once I like who I leave in the morning but I do n't always know who I 'm going to come home to at night because depending on what had happened during the day if something had distressed me , a small thing had become a huge thing and I could n't let it go and I could n't forgive and I could n't get out of myself and I just could n't let go . He directed you , did he not ? Yes he did . Was that hard or easy ? Well he directed me long before we fell in love and had a relationship . and it was actually a long time before because it was 1984 when we first met and did the first Terminator . So I had known
Could you work while depressed like Mike Wallace ? Yes I could work . Yes I think there was an element of real survivor in me that was very highly functioning during most of this . And even with the alcohol abuse I think most people in my life did not notice that I was putting away enormous amounts of alcohol . Did n't notice it ? Did n't notice it . Um it 's amazing how tricky we can be . um or a lot of people must think that they 're getting away with something . but everyone really does notice . But I tell you . there was no one in my life at that point saying hey you need help . Suicidal thoughts ? Um more about not wanting to be alive , not knowing how to thrive , not knowing what hope was . It was a very bleak existence . but I never would have taken the action to kill myself um just cause I 'm a real nice girl and a pleaser and I could n't have done that to my family . Someone said once when you 're really depressed good news and bad news are the same news . You could inherit five million dollars or lose five million dollars . it do n't change how you feel . True ? True true . And no amount of counseling and therapy and taking my past apart helped . I would understand that I had lost my father , therefore I was creating one relationship after another of abandonment . And you know that for years going into it and still ca n't control the behavior . It was very frustrating . At a certain point I was just completely handicapped . I did not know . I said give me a behaviorist then . I 've got to change these behaviors . The rage . Yeah what happened when you had a rage ? I would throw Jim 's stuff out of the house . so it would be waiting for him when he came home at night . This could be over a small thing ? Yes . um and I just would n't give in . If
Alright tell me about this unusual book a collection of memories and interviews a great memoir that also has a DVD . Give me the history of the book . Well first of all had you read it ? I mean level with me . I told you . I told you off the air I 've read it . I did n't hear the DVD yet though . You did n't hear the DVD ? No . You know something ? First of all did you like the book ? I said I love the book . it 's more than interesting . Find it interesting ? Really ? Well look at your career . Look at the people you 've talked to . How could it not be interesting ? The wonderful is that uh over the years ? Can you imagine back in nineteen fifty - seven being able to talk to Eleanor Roosevelt ? And do you remember a man by the name of um here we go Westbrooke Peggler ? Ah used to read
Alright tell me about this unusual book a collection of memories and interviews a great memoir that also has a DVD . Give me the history of the book . Well first of all had you read it ? I mean level with me . I told you . I told you off the air I 've read it . I did n't hear the DVD yet though . You did n't hear the DVD ? No . You know something ? First of all did you like the book ? I said I love the book . it 's more than interesting . Find it interesting ? Really ? Well look at your career . Look at the people you 've talked to . How could it not be interesting ? The wonderful is that uh over the years ? Can you imagine back in nineteen fifty - seven being able to talk to Eleanor Roosevelt ? And do you remember a man by the name of um here we go Westbrooke Peggler ? Ah used to read him and hate him all the time . read him and hated him . That 's correct . Well I quoted to
Give me the history of the book . Well first of all had you read it ? I mean level with me . I told you . I told you off the air I 've read it . I did n't hear the DVD yet though . You did n't hear the DVD ? No . You know something ? First of all did you like the book ? I said I love the book . it 's more than interesting . Find it interesting ? Really ? Well look at your career . Look at the people you 've talked to . How could it not be interesting ? The wonderful is that uh over the years ? Can you imagine back in nineteen fifty - seven being able to talk to Eleanor Roosevelt ? And do you remember a man by the name of um here we go Westbrooke Peggler ? Ah used to read him and hate him all the time . read him and hated him . That 's correct . Well I quoted to her in this interview back in nineteen hundred and fifty seven I was on ABC at the time . and what he had said about her . and what a vicious unpleasant lying etc etc etc . And she enjoyed it so much . Talk about a soft answer turning away red . I hope you have that maybe available there , that you have n't seen it . No I have n't seen it . I 've read it of course . Yeah I know . uh I do n't know if you 're going to be able to play any of these things or not . there was um ? what I used to do Larry was occasionally make speeches as you know cause you 're making them all the time . and you show up . and you want to do a new speech something new give the audience something to chew on . but that gets to be a pain in the neck after a while . So . And it 's a very lucrative way to get from here to there . In any case what I used to do was set up a big screen in the hall . and then I would lead into something from uh you know the people that I had had before . Great idea . and maybe do five different people in the course of an hour questions and so forth . Well um it really was good . The people at the uh publisher heard about it saw it and said Hey somebody 's got a hell of a book . Boy were they right . Let me get a break . We 'll come right back . As we go to break the book is Between You and Me . and here are some clips from the DVD . Watch . And that 's definitely how it started .
No . You know something ? First of all did you like the book ? I said I love the book . it 's more than interesting . Find it interesting ? Really ? Well look at your career . Look at the people you 've talked to . How could it not be interesting ? The wonderful is that uh over the years ? Can you imagine back in nineteen fifty - seven being able to talk to Eleanor Roosevelt ? And do you remember a man by the name of um here we go Westbrooke Peggler ? Ah used to read him and hate him all the time . read him and hated him . That 's correct . Well I quoted to her in this interview back in nineteen hundred and fifty seven I was on ABC at the time . and what he had said about her . and what a vicious unpleasant lying etc etc etc . And she enjoyed it so much . Talk about a soft answer turning away red . I hope you have that maybe available there , that you have n't seen it . No I have n't seen it . I 've read it of course . Yeah I know . uh I do n't know if you 're going to be able to play any of these things or not . there was um ? what I used to do Larry was occasionally make speeches as you know cause you 're making them all the time . and you show up . and you want to do a new speech something new give the audience something to chew on . but that gets to be a pain in the neck after a while . So . And it 's a very lucrative way to get from here to there . In any case what I used to do was set up a big screen in the hall . and then I would lead into something from uh you know the people that I had had before . Great idea . and maybe do five different people in the course of an hour questions and so forth . Well um it really was good . The people at the uh publisher heard about it saw it and said Hey somebody 's got a hell of a book . Boy were they right . Let me get a break . We 'll come right back . As we go to break the book is Between You and Me . and here are some clips from the DVD . Watch . And that 's definitely how it started . she 's a great mutual friend . and she 's a terrific lady . That was tough though , was n't it ? That was tough . And you were the guy who straightened it out for me . In fact we 'll show the audience how we did that . Watch how we straightened it out . And I called
And do you remember a man by the name of um here we go Westbrooke Peggler ? Ah used to read him and hate him all the time . read him and hated him . That 's correct . Well I quoted to her in this interview back in nineteen hundred and fifty seven I was on ABC at the time . and what he had said about her . and what a vicious unpleasant lying etc etc etc . And she enjoyed it so much . Talk about a soft answer turning away red . I hope you have that maybe available there , that you have n't seen it . No I have n't seen it . I 've read it of course . Yeah I know . uh I do n't know if you 're going to be able to play any of these things or not . there was um ? what I used to do Larry was occasionally make speeches as you know cause you 're making them all the time . and you show up . and you want to do a new speech something new give the audience something to chew on . but that gets to be a pain in the neck after a while . So . And it 's a very lucrative way to get from here to there . In any case what I used to do was set up a big screen in the hall . and then I would lead into something from uh you know the people that I had had before . Great idea . and maybe do five different people in the course of an hour questions and so forth . Well um it really was good . The people at the uh publisher heard about it saw it and said Hey somebody 's got a hell of a book . Boy were they right . Let me get a break . We 'll come right back . As we go to break the book is Between You and Me . and here are some clips from the DVD . Watch . And that 's definitely how it started . she 's a great mutual friend . and she 's a terrific lady . That was tough though , was n't it ? That was tough . And you were the guy who straightened it out for me . In fact we 'll show the audience how we did that . Watch how we straightened it out . And I called her the next morning . and we patched the whole thing up . I know . Well we both adore her . We both adore her very well and admire her immensely . She 's such a special lady . why did n't we read her well years ago ? How do you mean ? I mean in the office . she had that fire lady kind of image in Washington . Oh well he listened to her . her husband listened to
and what he had said about her . and what a vicious unpleasant lying etc etc etc . And she enjoyed it so much . Talk about a soft answer turning away red . I hope you have that maybe available there , that you have n't seen it . No I have n't seen it . I 've read it of course . Yeah I know . uh I do n't know if you 're going to be able to play any of these things or not . there was um ? what I used to do Larry was occasionally make speeches as you know cause you 're making them all the time . and you show up . and you want to do a new speech something new give the audience something to chew on . but that gets to be a pain in the neck after a while . So . And it 's a very lucrative way to get from here to there . In any case what I used to do was set up a big screen in the hall . and then I would lead into something from uh you know the people that I had had before . Great idea . and maybe do five different people in the course of an hour questions and so forth . Well um it really was good . The people at the uh publisher heard about it saw it and said Hey somebody 's got a hell of a book . Boy were they right . Let me get a break . We 'll come right back . As we go to break the book is Between You and Me . and here are some clips from the DVD . Watch . And that 's definitely how it started . she 's a great mutual friend . and she 's a terrific lady . That was tough though , was n't it ? That was tough . And you were the guy who straightened it out for me . In fact we 'll show the audience how we did that . Watch how we straightened it out . And I called her the next morning . and we patched the whole thing up . I know . Well we both adore her . We both adore her very well and admire her immensely . She 's such a special lady . why did n't we read her well years ago ? How do you mean ? I mean in the office . she had that fire lady kind of image in Washington . Oh well he listened to her . her husband listened to her . and she got involved in politics more than we know . And when she wanted to get rid of Donald Reegan . Remember when they used to live in that little branch house ? Yeah . I got to tell you ? Have you talked to
Talk about a soft answer turning away red . I hope you have that maybe available there , that you have n't seen it . No I have n't seen it . I 've read it of course . Yeah I know . uh I do n't know if you 're going to be able to play any of these things or not . there was um ? what I used to do Larry was occasionally make speeches as you know cause you 're making them all the time . and you show up . and you want to do a new speech something new give the audience something to chew on . but that gets to be a pain in the neck after a while . So . And it 's a very lucrative way to get from here to there . In any case what I used to do was set up a big screen in the hall . and then I would lead into something from uh you know the people that I had had before . Great idea . and maybe do five different people in the course of an hour questions and so forth . Well um it really was good . The people at the uh publisher heard about it saw it and said Hey somebody 's got a hell of a book . Boy were they right . Let me get a break . We 'll come right back . As we go to break the book is Between You and Me . and here are some clips from the DVD . Watch . And that 's definitely how it started . she 's a great mutual friend . and she 's a terrific lady . That was tough though , was n't it ? That was tough . And you were the guy who straightened it out for me . In fact we 'll show the audience how we did that . Watch how we straightened it out . And I called her the next morning . and we patched the whole thing up . I know . Well we both adore her . We both adore her very well and admire her immensely . She 's such a special lady . why did n't we read her well years ago ? How do you mean ? I mean in the office . she had that fire lady kind of image in Washington . Oh well he listened to her . her husband listened to her . and she got involved in politics more than we know . And when she wanted to get rid of Donald Reegan . Remember when they used to live in that little branch house ? Yeah . I got to tell you ? Have you talked to her lately ? Uh about a month ago was the last time . I hope I 'll call her tomorrow and we 'll have dinner . give her my love . uh the fact of the matter is that uh
and you show up . and you want to do a new speech something new give the audience something to chew on . but that gets to be a pain in the neck after a while . So . And it 's a very lucrative way to get from here to there . In any case what I used to do was set up a big screen in the hall . and then I would lead into something from uh you know the people that I had had before . Great idea . and maybe do five different people in the course of an hour questions and so forth . Well um it really was good . The people at the uh publisher heard about it saw it and said Hey somebody 's got a hell of a book . Boy were they right . Let me get a break . We 'll come right back . As we go to break the book is Between You and Me . and here are some clips from the DVD . Watch . And that 's definitely how it started . she 's a great mutual friend . and she 's a terrific lady . That was tough though , was n't it ? That was tough . And you were the guy who straightened it out for me . In fact we 'll show the audience how we did that . Watch how we straightened it out . And I called her the next morning . and we patched the whole thing up . I know . Well we both adore her . We both adore her very well and admire her immensely . She 's such a special lady . why did n't we read her well years ago ? How do you mean ? I mean in the office . she had that fire lady kind of image in Washington . Oh well he listened to her . her husband listened to her . and she got involved in politics more than we know . And when she wanted to get rid of Donald Reegan . Remember when they used to live in that little branch house ? Yeah . I got to tell you ? Have you talked to her lately ? Uh about a month ago was the last time . I hope I 'll call her tomorrow and we 'll have dinner . give her my love . uh the fact of the matter is that uh she 's been having some trouble with her back . Yeah I know . And she fell . yeah she fell and ? Well she 's an adorable woman . In any case ? Oh are we going to hear this now ? No You 're not scaring me though there 's something you know we do n't know Mike ? What are you talking about ? I mean about Nancy . like you seem troubled . Well no not troubled . Look .
but that gets to be a pain in the neck after a while . So . And it 's a very lucrative way to get from here to there . In any case what I used to do was set up a big screen in the hall . and then I would lead into something from uh you know the people that I had had before . Great idea . and maybe do five different people in the course of an hour questions and so forth . Well um it really was good . The people at the uh publisher heard about it saw it and said Hey somebody 's got a hell of a book . Boy were they right . Let me get a break . We 'll come right back . As we go to break the book is Between You and Me . and here are some clips from the DVD . Watch . And that 's definitely how it started . she 's a great mutual friend . and she 's a terrific lady . That was tough though , was n't it ? That was tough . And you were the guy who straightened it out for me . In fact we 'll show the audience how we did that . Watch how we straightened it out . And I called her the next morning . and we patched the whole thing up . I know . Well we both adore her . We both adore her very well and admire her immensely . She 's such a special lady . why did n't we read her well years ago ? How do you mean ? I mean in the office . she had that fire lady kind of image in Washington . Oh well he listened to her . her husband listened to her . and she got involved in politics more than we know . And when she wanted to get rid of Donald Reegan . Remember when they used to live in that little branch house ? Yeah . I got to tell you ? Have you talked to her lately ? Uh about a month ago was the last time . I hope I 'll call her tomorrow and we 'll have dinner . give her my love . uh the fact of the matter is that uh she 's been having some trouble with her back . Yeah I know . And she fell . yeah she fell and ? Well she 's an adorable woman . In any case ? Oh are we going to hear this now ? No You 're not scaring me though there 's something you know we do n't know Mike ? What are you talking about ? I mean about Nancy . like you seem troubled . Well no not troubled . Look . she 's not a child anymore . and you I know feel the same way about
Huh ? Looks like he had it on the air . That 's correct . he was feeling that way . The book by the way is Between You and Me . the DVD comes with it . Incredible with this incredible career that you have never interviewed George W. Bush . I 've never met him . How come ? Never met him ? when he was governor of Texas I went down there to do a piece on um Tort Reform . and Rove made up his mind that uh we were on the wrong side of that issue . and I did n't know him then he said Mr. Wallace you 're not going to talk to the governor . We know that your mind is made up . so we 're not going to let you talk to him . OK so we did the piece anyway . Uh what happened then was when he came to the White House I figured well come on . the time has come . I mean I 've talked to every President since Abe Lincoln and every first lady since Martha Washington . uh reminds me from time to time . But seriously uh he just said Forget it . you 're not going to talk to him . and I have never met forget talked to George W. Bush . Did Rove give you a reason ? After . Forget the Tort Reform and governor . Did he give you a reason when he was President why you could n't interview him ? Karl Rove does n't like me ha which of course makes ? Because ? Who the dickens knows ? Who knows ? I have no idea why . Well you know that this is the tightest White House going as far as uh really talking candidly is concerned uh and the most secretive if you will . Both the President and the Vice President they do n't like the press . And they particularly do n't like people who might ask uh interesting questions or abrasive questions or whatever . People do n't know this . but we did this in interview a long time ago in Miami . you were offered the job of press secretary by Richard Nixon . Indeed I was . And you know something ? I was offered the job as press secretary to Richard Nixon . and we got along like a . and I 'll tell you who I really got along with was Patricia Nixon . Really ? oh she was a lovely woman . and I travelled with him because he was thought to be a loser so he was happy to you know have me come along with him and the kids Julie and Tricia and Pat Nixon . And uh she was obviously a bruised woman because of the way that that whole Watergate thing was coming down . and um that 's one person I really really wanted to do an interview with . but
Incredible with this incredible career that you have never interviewed George W. Bush . I 've never met him . How come ? Never met him ? when he was governor of Texas I went down there to do a piece on um Tort Reform . and Rove made up his mind that uh we were on the wrong side of that issue . and I did n't know him then he said Mr. Wallace you 're not going to talk to the governor . We know that your mind is made up . so we 're not going to let you talk to him . OK so we did the piece anyway . Uh what happened then was when he came to the White House I figured well come on . the time has come . I mean I 've talked to every President since Abe Lincoln and every first lady since Martha Washington . uh reminds me from time to time . But seriously uh he just said Forget it . you 're not going to talk to him . and I have never met forget talked to George W. Bush . Did Rove give you a reason ? After . Forget the Tort Reform and governor . Did he give you a reason when he was President why you could n't interview him ? Karl Rove does n't like me ha which of course makes ? Because ? Who the dickens knows ? Who knows ? I have no idea why . Well you know that this is the tightest White House going as far as uh really talking candidly is concerned uh and the most secretive if you will . Both the President and the Vice President they do n't like the press . And they particularly do n't like people who might ask uh interesting questions or abrasive questions or whatever . People do n't know this . but we did this in interview a long time ago in Miami . you were offered the job of press secretary by Richard Nixon . Indeed I was . And you know something ? I was offered the job as press secretary to Richard Nixon . and we got along like a . and I 'll tell you who I really got along with was Patricia Nixon . Really ? oh she was a lovely woman . and I travelled with him because he was thought to be a loser so he was happy to you know have me come along with him and the kids Julie and Tricia and Pat Nixon . And uh she was obviously a bruised woman because of the way that that whole Watergate thing was coming down . and um that 's one person I really really wanted to do an interview with . but she was scared . she would n't do it . Probably the least known first lady . That 's correct . And a lovely lovely woman . You know it was Gloria Steinam I believe that called
Five years ago today , the O.J. Simpson trial ended with an acquittal . In today 's edition of `` Headliners , '' Bob Glascoff looks at the life of the lead prosecutor in the case , and what she 's doing now . Not guilty of the crime of murder . On this day in 1995 , O.J. Simpson was acquitted of the 1994 murders of his ex-wife Nicole and her friend Ron Goldman . The trial thrust chief prosecutor Marcia Clark into the spotlight . Clark graduated from UCLA in 1974 , earning her law degree five years later . She joined the Los Angeles district attorney 's office in 1981 after spending two years as a criminal defense attorney . Clark gained reputation for her expertise in forensic evidence , handling at least 60 jury trials , 20 involving murder , before taking on the Simpson case .
Hello I 'm Frederica Whitfield with these headlines at this hour . Iran 's president - elect says Iran does not need the United States to help it become more self - reliant .
Joining us today to put all of this in some kind of perspective is `` CNN Headline News '' ' political analyst Michele Mitchell . Hi , Michele . Hi , Chuck . , the Bush cabinet do you think it will be diverse and will
Joining us today to put all of this in some kind of perspective is `` CNN Headline News '' ' political analyst Michele Mitchell . Hi , Michele . Hi , Chuck . , the Bush cabinet do you think it will be diverse and will he reach out to the other side of the aisle ? He 's saying that he will , but this may be an impossible task , not because he is n't interested in appointing Democrats , but because the word has gone out not to accept a position . Now , this , of course , is part of their tactic to try to regain control of the House and Senate in 2002 and 2004 . It may be not Bush 's fault if you do n't see any of the Democratic faces around the table . It 's not for want on his part . So there is word among Democrats not to accept a cabinet post ? Yes . How can they make everybody fall into line on that ? It 's easy . You want the campaign funds when you run in 2002 ? It 's fairly easy to put pressure like that on Democrats . There might be rogue Democrats who is more conservative that really does n't care and is interested in serving in a Cabinet post . That may be where he finds the best luck . He 's probably going to appoint two prominant African - Americans , Rice and Powell . Any other outreach to the black community ? I think those are the two main appointees and the glittering stars in the crown . That 's one of
Joining us today to put all of this in some kind of perspective is `` CNN Headline News '' ' political analyst Michele Mitchell . Hi , Michele . Hi , Chuck . , the Bush cabinet do you think it will be diverse and will he reach out to the other side of the aisle ? He 's saying that he will , but this may be an impossible task , not because he is n't interested in appointing Democrats , but because the word has gone out not to accept a position . Now , this , of course , is part of their tactic to try to regain control of the House and Senate in 2002 and 2004 . It may be not Bush 's fault if you do n't see any of the Democratic faces around the table . It 's not for want on his part . So there is word among Democrats not to accept a cabinet post ? Yes . How can they make everybody fall into line on that ? It 's easy . You want the campaign funds when you run in 2002 ? It 's fairly easy to put pressure like that on Democrats . There might be rogue Democrats who is more conservative that really does n't care and is interested in serving in a Cabinet post . That may be where he finds the best luck . He 's probably going to appoint two prominant African - Americans , Rice and Powell . Any other outreach to the black community ? I think those are the two main appointees and the glittering stars in the crown . That 's one of his way in reaching out to the black community which feels more than alienated after this election if some of the leaders are to be believed . Is there a risk if he becomes a centrist , does he risk alienating the hard right of the Republican Party , do you think , the Tom D Lays and others ? This is
An oil spill off the coast of South America , along the Galapagos Island chain has clean - up crews scrambling to contain the spill and save rare wildlife . Annabel Roberts reports . The oil has leaked from the ship that ran aground half a mile off the shore of the protected Galapagos Islands . In just two days , more than 150,000 gallons of diesel have spilled into the sea . Locals have tried to contain the slick with floating barriers but it has already spread to nearby beaches affecting the wildlife . Environmentalists are trying to clean the oil from scene birds that have been contaminated . Officials estimate the slick now covers almost 390 square miles of sea . The island 's a home to many rare species of wildlife . Charles Darwin researched here 160 years ago when developing his theory of evolution . Even today , the animals are isolated from human interference as tourism here is restricted . American pollution experts have been drafted in to help . One concern is the oil will sink to the ocean floor and destroy algae . The bottom line is that once oil gets out of a ship , it is virtually impossible to remove it or contain it on the open ocean . There are still 6,000 gallons of diesel aboard the `` Jessica . '' Crews are trying to remove the remaining tanks . A government spokesman has blamed this disaster on the ship 's captain saying
Nine years ago today , allegations of infidelity almost derailed Bill Clinton 's journey from hope to the White House . Bob Glascoff tracks the life of the `` other woman '' in today 's edition of `` Headliners . '' On January 1992 , Gennifer Flowers claims she had a 12 - year affair with Bill Clinton . Former nightclub singer , television anchor and Arkansas State employee , Flowers ' allegations threatened to torpedo Clinton 's presidential chances . Although Mr. Clinton denied having a relationship with Flowers ,
Nine years ago today , allegations of infidelity almost derailed Bill Clinton 's journey from hope to the White House . Bob Glascoff tracks the life of the `` other woman '' in today 's edition of `` Headliners . '' On January 1992 , Gennifer Flowers claims she had a 12 - year affair with Bill Clinton . Former nightclub singer , television anchor and Arkansas State employee , Flowers ' allegations threatened to torpedo Clinton 's presidential chances . Although Mr. Clinton denied having a relationship with Flowers , he did speak of bringing `` pain '' to his marriage during a joint television interview with his wife , Hillary . Flowers went on `` Larry King Live '' in 1998 at the height of the impeachment proceedings against Mr. Clinton .
Nine years ago today , allegations of infidelity almost derailed Bill Clinton 's journey from hope to the White House . Bob Glascoff tracks the life of the `` other woman '' in today 's edition of `` Headliners . '' On January 1992 , Gennifer Flowers claims she had a 12 - year affair with Bill Clinton . Former nightclub singer , television anchor and Arkansas State employee , Flowers ' allegations threatened to torpedo Clinton 's presidential chances . Although Mr. Clinton denied having a relationship with Flowers ,
Nine years ago today , allegations of infidelity almost derailed Bill Clinton 's journey from hope to the White House . Bob Glascoff tracks the life of the `` other woman '' in today 's edition of `` Headliners . '' On January 1992 , Gennifer Flowers claims she had a 12 - year affair with Bill Clinton . Former nightclub singer , television anchor and Arkansas State employee , Flowers ' allegations threatened to torpedo Clinton 's presidential chances . Although Mr. Clinton denied having a relationship with Flowers , he did speak of bringing `` pain '' to his marriage during a joint television interview with his wife , Hillary . Flowers went on `` Larry King Live '' in 1998 at the height of the impeachment proceedings against Mr. Clinton .
A father in New York is accused of dropping his baby out of a seven - story apartment window . Here 's Jordena Ginsberg with more from Affiliate News Westchester . Reporter : Please measure the spot where she landed after she was thrown from a seventh floor window . The baby fell 80 feet . These tree branches cushioned her fall and saved her life . The baby 's aunt did n't want her face shown on TV , but told us she was stunned . I 'm glad she 's alive . It 's a miracle . Reporter : Now , Willie Williams , the little girl 's father is charged with attempted murder . Police say it all started at around 11:30 Saturday night when Williams got into a fight with the baby 's mother Jasmine Gil Yo .
A father in New York is accused of dropping his baby out of a seven - story apartment window . Here 's Jordena Ginsberg with more from Affiliate News Westchester . Reporter : Please measure the spot where she landed after she was thrown from a seventh floor window . The baby fell 80 feet . These tree branches cushioned her fall and saved her life . The baby 's aunt did n't want her face shown on TV , but told us she was stunned . I 'm glad she 's alive . It 's a miracle . Reporter : Now , Willie Williams , the little girl 's father is charged with attempted murder . Police say it all started at around 11:30 Saturday night when Williams got into a fight with the baby 's mother Jasmine Gil Yo . He wanted to date her again and she was n't interested . Cops say he allegedly kidnapped her and threatened her but eventually brought her back to her home . That 's when police say he grabbed their daughter . The father of the child allegedly picked the baby up , dangedled it out the window , pulled the child back in . Then the baby 's mother made a frantic call to the police . While she was on the phone , he picked up the child again and this time threw her out the window . Then police say the baby 's mother pulled out a kitchen knife . You can hear Williams say , Go ahead , kill me . At that point the baby 's mother stabbed
A father in New York is accused of dropping his baby out of a seven - story apartment window . Here 's Jordena Ginsberg with more from Affiliate News Westchester . Reporter : Please measure the spot where she landed after she was thrown from a seventh floor window . The baby fell 80 feet . These tree branches cushioned her fall and saved her life . The baby 's aunt did n't want her face shown on TV , but told us she was stunned . I 'm glad she 's alive . It 's a miracle . Reporter : Now , Willie Williams , the little girl 's father is charged with attempted murder . Police say it all started at around 11:30 Saturday night when Williams got into a fight with the baby 's mother Jasmine Gil Yo . He wanted to date her again and she was n't interested . Cops say he allegedly kidnapped her and threatened her but eventually brought her back to her home . That 's when police say he grabbed their daughter . The father of the child allegedly picked the baby up , dangedled it out the window , pulled the child back in . Then the baby 's mother made a frantic call to the police . While she was on the phone , he picked up the child again and this time threw her out the window . Then police say the baby 's mother pulled out a kitchen knife . You can hear Williams say , Go ahead , kill me . At that point the baby 's mother stabbed him right in the hand . Still bleeding , he ran downstairs and scooped up the baby , and took the baby to the hospital . Police were on
A man in New York is facing attempted murder charges after allegedly throwing his baby seven stories to the ground below . Jordeena Ginsburg from News 12 Westchester has the story . Reporter : Police measure the spot where ten months old Miana Williams landed after she was thrown from a seventh floor window at this apartment building . The baby fell 80 feet . These tree branches cushioned her fall and saved her life . The baby 's aunt did n't want her face shown on TV but told us she was stunned . I 'm glad she 's alive . It 's a miracle she survived . Reporter : Now Willie Williams the girl 's father is charged with attempted murder . It all started around 11:30 Saturday night , when Williams got into a fight with the baby 's mother , Jasmine .
A man in New York is facing attempted murder charges after allegedly throwing his baby seven stories to the ground below . Jordeena Ginsburg from News 12 Westchester has the story . Reporter : Police measure the spot where ten months old Miana Williams landed after she was thrown from a seventh floor window at this apartment building . The baby fell 80 feet . These tree branches cushioned her fall and saved her life . The baby 's aunt did n't want her face shown on TV but told us she was stunned . I 'm glad she 's alive . It 's a miracle she survived . Reporter : Now Willie Williams the girl 's father is charged with attempted murder . It all started around 11:30 Saturday night , when Williams got into a fight with the baby 's mother , Jasmine . He wanted to date her again and she was n't interested . Cops say he allegedly kidnapped her in his car and threatened her but eventually brought her back to her home . That 's when police say he grabbed her daughter . The father allegedly picked the baby up , dangled it out the window of the seventh floor , pulled the child back in . Reporter : Then the baby 's mother made a frantic call to police . While she was on the phone , police say Williams picked up the child again and this time , threw her out the window . Then police say the baby 's mother pulled out a kitchen knife . opinion On the 911 tape you can hear William 's tape say `` go ahead kill me . '' Still bleeding , he ran downstairs and scooped up the baby and took the baby to the hospital . Police were on
The morning papers , because morning papers around the country and around the world are remaking their front page to include the Elizabeth Smart case , and we end with that tonight . With her family on a day when their miracle finally came true . She looks very , very healthy . She 's grown a lot , and I 'm just so absolutely thrilled . I could n't believe it . In fact , I had to take a double take and pull her back away from me and say , `` is it really you ? '' All of the children out there deserve to come home to their parents the way Elizabeth has come back to us , and I just hope and pray that Congress will quickly pass the Amber Alert so that those children will have a better chance because they cross the state line and they 're out of commission , and we need to have this here , we really do . But I just am so grateful and so thankful . Thank you very much . Reporter : Can you describe Elizabeth 's demeanor ? You said she looked good , she was bigger , but she 's been through this horrible ordeal . Is she still scared ? She excited ? Happy ? I do n't know . I mean , I 'm sure she was just thrilled to be back . such happiness and such love . And I just held her , held her the whole way home . I just brought her little brother William in , and as William and she saw each other , it was such a wonderful reunion for them to just hug , and he would hug
The morning papers , because morning papers around the country and around the world are remaking their front page to include the Elizabeth Smart case , and we end with that tonight . With her family on a day when their miracle finally came true . She looks very , very healthy . She 's grown a lot , and I 'm just so absolutely thrilled . I could n't believe it . In fact , I had to take a double take and pull her back away from me and say , `` is it really you ? '' All of the children out there deserve to come home to their parents the way Elizabeth has come back to us , and I just hope and pray that Congress will quickly pass the Amber Alert so that those children will have a better chance because they cross the state line and they 're out of commission , and we need to have this here , we really do . But I just am so grateful and so thankful . Thank you very much . Reporter : Can you describe Elizabeth 's demeanor ? You said she looked good , she was bigger , but she 's been through this horrible ordeal . Is she still scared ? She excited ? Happy ? I do n't know . I mean , I 'm sure she was just thrilled to be back . such happiness and such love . And I just held her , held her the whole way home . I just brought her little brother William in , and as William and she saw each other , it was such a wonderful reunion for them to just hug , and he would hug
That is the very joyous town of Palestine , West Virginia , on the news that Jessica Lynch is eventually going to come home . What a brave young woman . Did you hear about the injuries she sustained . Did you hear about the firing she did . She was going to fight to the death . She was captured but she was one tough cookie , apparently . God bless her . And she 's going to be all right , it looks like . We have some other items , Voices of America they 're called here on American Morning . Home front responses to the ongoing war in Iraq . We begin in Oklahoma , a story of sacrifice in wartime . Cass Apd Ra gave birth to
That is the very joyous town of Palestine , West Virginia , on the news that Jessica Lynch is eventually going to come home . What a brave young woman . Did you hear about the injuries she sustained . Did you hear about the firing she did . She was going to fight to the death . She was captured but she was one tough cookie , apparently . God bless her . And she 's going to be all right , it looks like . We have some other items , Voices of America they 're called here on American Morning . Home front responses to the ongoing war in Iraq . We begin in Oklahoma , a story of sacrifice in wartime . Cass Apd Ra gave birth to her first daughter , Alexis Jane Denise , but without
That is the very joyous town of Palestine , West Virginia , on the news that Jessica Lynch is eventually going to come home . What a brave young woman . Did you hear about the injuries she sustained . Did you hear about the firing she did . She was going to fight to the death . She was captured but she was one tough cookie , apparently . God bless her . And she 's going to be all right , it looks like . We have some other items , Voices of America they 're called here on American Morning . Home front responses to the ongoing war in Iraq . We begin in Oklahoma , a story of sacrifice in wartime . Cass Apd Ra gave birth to her first daughter , Alexis Jane Denise , but without her husband . John Scottsdale is on the front lines in Iraq . I do n't know what to do . Since
In were also big celebrations at Ft. Hood , Texas , home base to two other POWs , David Williams and Ronald Young . Those pilots were captured on March 24th , after their Apache helicopter went down in Iraqi territory . Today , their families are learning new and actually harrowing details about the days after their capture . CNN national correspondent Susan Candiotti is with the Young family in Georgia . Jamie Cole by at Ft. Hood , Texas , where she spoke to Williams ' wife Michelle . Susan , why do n't we start with you ? Reporter : Hello , Judy . During a brief phone call with their son from Kuwait on surngd the Army asked the Young family not to get into any specific details about what happened during their son 's capture and release . However , the family did get in a company of questions about how he was treated . They learned he lost 20 pounds and also their son told them that in the last few days of his capture , things were n't so bad but that they were very rough in the beginning . Now they are learning more details that their son in fact was kicked and beaten after his capture , and that his fellow pilot David Williams had a knife held to his throat immediately after an tur , according to an interview their son was allowed to conduct with `` The Washington Post '' , who flew with him into Kuwait . Their son is said to be in very good spirits now and back here in Georgia , after three weeks of not knowing exactly what had happened to him , finally , for the very first time in three weeks , the Young family members got some sleep last night for the first time in a long time . Well , at least some family members did . She slept pretty good . I 'm not kidding . All right . I came home . She was in bed . I laid on the couch for a couple of hours , walked around . I thought , I 'm going to sleep tonight , I really am . I got in there , laid down . She must have took a pill or something . Sounded like a saw mill going on next to me . Back on the couch again . Hey , I was tired , and besides , it was relief , you know ? I could finally sleep and know everything was okay . Reporter : Of course , pictures and videotape and a phone call is one thing , but seeing their son in person is quite another , and they are , of course , hoping that will happen very soon . Young 's mother says , when she sees her son ,
CNN national correspondent Susan Candiotti is with the Young family in Georgia . Jamie Cole by at Ft. Hood , Texas , where she spoke to Williams ' wife Michelle . Susan , why do n't we start with you ? Reporter : Hello , Judy . During a brief phone call with their son from Kuwait on surngd the Army asked the Young family not to get into any specific details about what happened during their son 's capture and release . However , the family did get in a company of questions about how he was treated . They learned he lost 20 pounds and also their son told them that in the last few days of his capture , things were n't so bad but that they were very rough in the beginning . Now they are learning more details that their son in fact was kicked and beaten after his capture , and that his fellow pilot David Williams had a knife held to his throat immediately after an tur , according to an interview their son was allowed to conduct with `` The Washington Post '' , who flew with him into Kuwait . Their son is said to be in very good spirits now and back here in Georgia , after three weeks of not knowing exactly what had happened to him , finally , for the very first time in three weeks , the Young family members got some sleep last night for the first time in a long time . Well , at least some family members did . She slept pretty good . I 'm not kidding . All right . I came home . She was in bed . I laid on the couch for a couple of hours , walked around . I thought , I 'm going to sleep tonight , I really am . I got in there , laid down . She must have took a pill or something . Sounded like a saw mill going on next to me . Back on the couch again . Hey , I was tired , and besides , it was relief , you know ? I could finally sleep and know everything was okay . Reporter : Of course , pictures and videotape and a phone call is one thing , but seeing their son in person is quite another , and they are , of course , hoping that will happen very soon . Young 's mother says , when she sees her son , she plans on hugging him for a good solid half hour . Back to you , Judy . At least , we would think , if that 's the case . Thanks very much . Let 's turn to Jamie at Ft. Hood , Texas , where she 's been talking with the family of Chief Warrant Officer David Williams . For them , Jamie , given what we just heard about the knife at
However , the family did get in a company of questions about how he was treated . They learned he lost 20 pounds and also their son told them that in the last few days of his capture , things were n't so bad but that they were very rough in the beginning . Now they are learning more details that their son in fact was kicked and beaten after his capture , and that his fellow pilot David Williams had a knife held to his throat immediately after an tur , according to an interview their son was allowed to conduct with `` The Washington Post '' , who flew with him into Kuwait . Their son is said to be in very good spirits now and back here in Georgia , after three weeks of not knowing exactly what had happened to him , finally , for the very first time in three weeks , the Young family members got some sleep last night for the first time in a long time . Well , at least some family members did . She slept pretty good . I 'm not kidding . All right . I came home . She was in bed . I laid on the couch for a couple of hours , walked around . I thought , I 'm going to sleep tonight , I really am . I got in there , laid down . She must have took a pill or something . Sounded like a saw mill going on next to me . Back on the couch again . Hey , I was tired , and besides , it was relief , you know ? I could finally sleep and know everything was okay . Reporter : Of course , pictures and videotape and a phone call is one thing , but seeing their son in person is quite another , and they are , of course , hoping that will happen very soon . Young 's mother says , when she sees her son , she plans on hugging him for a good solid half hour . Back to you , Judy . At least , we would think , if that 's the case . Thanks very much . Let 's turn to Jamie at Ft. Hood , Texas , where she 's been talking with the family of Chief Warrant Officer David Williams . For them , Jamie , given what we just heard about the knife at his throat , they must be incredibly relieved . Reporter : You know , Judy , they have been learning more and more as the day goes on . The focus is clearly not on their treatment or their capture but their freedom . I was on the phone with Michelle Williams yesterday , when she saw those first pictures on CNN of her husband , and
Their son is said to be in very good spirits now and back here in Georgia , after three weeks of not knowing exactly what had happened to him , finally , for the very first time in three weeks , the Young family members got some sleep last night for the first time in a long time . Well , at least some family members did . She slept pretty good . I 'm not kidding . All right . I came home . She was in bed . I laid on the couch for a couple of hours , walked around . I thought , I 'm going to sleep tonight , I really am . I got in there , laid down . She must have took a pill or something . Sounded like a saw mill going on next to me . Back on the couch again . Hey , I was tired , and besides , it was relief , you know ? I could finally sleep and know everything was okay . Reporter : Of course , pictures and videotape and a phone call is one thing , but seeing their son in person is quite another , and they are , of course , hoping that will happen very soon . Young 's mother says , when she sees her son , she plans on hugging him for a good solid half hour . Back to you , Judy . At least , we would think , if that 's the case . Thanks very much . Let 's turn to Jamie at Ft. Hood , Texas , where she 's been talking with the family of Chief Warrant Officer David Williams . For them , Jamie , given what we just heard about the knife at his throat , they must be incredibly relieved . Reporter : You know , Judy , they have been learning more and more as the day goes on . The focus is clearly not on their treatment or their capture but their freedom . I was on the phone with Michelle Williams yesterday , when she saw those first pictures on CNN of her husband , and she shrieked with delight . For three weeks she 's watched and waited for some news . The only other pictures was his abandoned helicopter . She knew instantly when she saw it , because of the 1st Cavalry emblem and special markings it was his . It 's been a long three weeks . Today is date she was waiting for . I had a chance to spend some time with her yesterday . This morning on `` American Morning '' she told us about what her reaction was when she saw those first pictures of her husband free . I was so happy . I knew I never lost hope that
The coroner examining the remains of two bodies recovered near San Francisco Bay yesterday was unable to determine the cause of death . Police are now considering the possibility that the remains are those of Laci Peterson and her unborn child . Peterson disappeared on Christmas eve of last year . Paul Vercammen joins me now from Martinez , California , with the latest for us . Paul ? Reporter : Well , Lou , one thing that the coroner has been able to determine is that the skeletal remains are those of one , an adult female , and two , the remains of the almost full - term baby boy , and of course , this is significant because Laci Peterson , when she disappeared from her Modesto home , was 7 1 / 2 months pregnant . That was on Christmas Eve .
U.S. forces in Baghdad are staging spot raids around that city , searching for holdout members of Saddam 's regime . As we reported , one key initiative is the search for weapons of mass destruction , and as part of that effort , U.S. special forces today raided the home of the Iraqi microbiologist known as Dr. Germ , the woman who ran Iraq 's secret biological warfare laboratory . Mike Boettcher has our exclusive report . Dr. Rehab Taha , aka Dr. Germ , who directed Iraq 's biological weapons program . CNN has exclusively obtained the United Nations English translations of her Arabic work papers . Her research was conducted here at a location well - known to U.N. arms inspectors , 300 miles west of Baghdad . Her notes begin with the test objective . Her written words are read by a narrator . A field experiment was conducted to disperse biological agents , botulinum toxin and spors of bacillus . Reporter : The tests were a success . Reporter : Taha then described the success of their tests using an anthrax simulant and artillery rockets . Reporter : And she reveals success in a 1989 test , using aerial bombs to disperse biological agents . Reporter : Dr. Taha 's notes do not tell us how far she eventually progressed in her biological weapons testing . That 's why the Marines came knocking . Looking for her papers and looking for her . Mike Boettcher , CNN , Baghdad . And
The `` USS Abraham Lincoln , '' it 's a guided missile destroyer . They fired off 50 Tomahawk missiles during `` Operation Iraqi Freedom . '' You talk about the capability of this ship . The other mission that it took part in was the operations before the fall of the Saddam Hussein and his regime . They were out there taking down illegal smugglers and going out and boarding the ships . Now , also , this ship played an important part within the war and that 's because of the radar system . It could detect objects smaller than a honey bee . What does that mean ? It can detect enemy radar or missiles and destroy them instantly . They were a big part in `` Operation Iraqi Freedom . '' You are seeing the pictures . Everybody is home . Friends and family connecting . Have n't seen each other in almost 10 months now . 14 fathers have not seen their babies . They all reunited with their families . We got to meet up with one such family . We 'll show you pictures of the Galetta family . Katie was born on Christmas day , Anderson . This is the first time her father got to hold
The slogan makes for a powerful bumper sticker -- guns do n't kill people , people do ! but this next story makes the case the slogan does n't go far enough . A better one might be , people do and people die and still other people search their souls and struggle for redemption . The story from `` Newsnight 's '' Beth Nissen . Reporter : It was the lead story across Connecticut in early April . Police say Jennifer O'Conner , a Connecticut woman with a history of psychiatric problems confessed to shooting her daughter 7 , while the 7 - year - old girl lay sleeping . O'Conner told police she could no longer cope with her daughter 's learning , disability Prps Sara Dade three days later . Thomas , owner a local gun and motorcycle shop , said he felt gutted when he saw the news reports of O'Conner 's arrest on murder charges . As soon as the police officers pulled the gun out and held it up , I knew it was my rifle . Reporter : Had sold O'Conner the rifle a few months before . She explained to me
The slogan makes for a powerful bumper sticker -- guns do n't kill people , people do ! but this next story makes the case the slogan does n't go far enough . A better one might be , people do and people die and still other people search their souls and struggle for redemption . The story from `` Newsnight 's '' Beth Nissen . Reporter : It was the lead story across Connecticut in early April . Police say Jennifer O'Conner , a Connecticut woman with a history of psychiatric problems confessed to shooting her daughter 7 , while the 7 - year - old girl lay sleeping . O'Conner told police she could no longer cope with her daughter 's learning , disability Prps Sara Dade three days later . Thomas , owner a local gun and motorcycle shop , said he felt gutted when he saw the news reports of O'Conner 's arrest on murder charges . As soon as the police officers pulled the gun out and held it up , I knew it was my rifle . Reporter : Had sold O'Conner the rifle a few months before . She explained to me
There 's some shocking new information about the life of John F. Kennedy , both before and during his days in the White House . The revelations are part of a just published biography about the 35th President . Our Jonathan Karl takes a look inside the pages . Reporter : The revelations about Kennedy 's alleged affair with an intern make up just a couple lines in historian Robert Dowd 's 700 - plus page biography . The information comes from a single source , an interview with a former Kennedy staffer who says she does not remember the intern 's last name . Although
A defense attorney calls it his worst nightmare . A convicted murderer is released from prison before serving his full sentence and then a nightmare becomes reality . It happened last week . Michael Sears was determined to prove he was no longer a threat . His psychiatrist backed him up . Sears was serving a 30 - year sentence for the self - confessed 1992 killing of his wife in Clinton , Maryland , but after a relentless campaign that included a letter from his psychiatrist saying Sears was unlikely to commit such violence again , the judge in this case , got him released . He served less than nine years . Maryland is the only state that allows unchecked judicial reconsideration , allowing judges to reduce prison terms at any time after sentencing . Those favoring the rule say it gives convicts incentive to behave in prison and enables judges to release prisoners if new evidence comes to light . At some point after his release , Michael Sears befriended a woman named Darlene Williamson . Last week Williamson , a mother of four , was found stabbed to death at a condominium in Greenbelt , Maryland . The official resident of that condo , the man now charged with
We 're coming up on 23 after the hour on what is shaping up to be a busy day here , but a joyous day for 5,000 sailors and Marines and friends and family in the San Diego , California area because the giant U.S. carrier Constellation is now returning home from the war in Iraq . Frank Buckley is in San Diego and joins us now with the latest scenes from there and the live pictures . Hi , Frank . Reporter : Leon , yet another day of incredible home coming . This time the `` USS Constellation '' coming up . They 're coming home for the last time to San Diego . It 's scheduled for decommissioning in August . Let me give you a sense of the excitement among families . Look at these folks who have not seen their family members for seven months as the Constellation was over in the Persian Gulf . Let me take you up top to give you a larger view of how many folks are here at Lima Pier . We are expecting some 15,000 people to greet the `` USS Constellation '' as it comes home . Among the people that will be here to greet those folks , there are always the first - kissers , the people who win the first - kiss lottery and the new dads . We will talk to one of the winners of the first kiss contest . This is Tammy , your husband is David . We have little Alisa here . She is 4 years old today . Congratulations . Say hi . Reporter : You were telling me you spent 30 or $ 40 -- $ 30 or $ 40 to get here . The question I asked you earlier , who gets the first kiss do you ?
Okay , girls . Reporter : Stewart is associated with Kmart since 1987 and been very successful . The goal had been to bring affordable style to the masse . There 's a reason she was successful , and the stuff that she 's created people like . It 's good , it 's useful , it 's appealing , it 's attractive and it 's cheap . Reporter : Even as Kmart struggled through financial difficulties , Stewart stuck by the company . It 's hard to run out on a partner that 's down . That 's not our style . Reporter : Now Stewart is hoping people do n't run out on her . The celebrity indicted on charges stemming from the sale of ImClone stock . Stewart and former ImClone CEO Sam Waksal shared a broker who now also faces charges of obstruction of justice and perjury . Her defense has been that she had a standing sell order at $ 60 and when the stock fell below 60 the broker was supposed to , you know make the trade . She 's been standing with that story . The broker standing by that story . The only reason it 's not holding is because there are other people that the Merrill Lynch that investigated and did n't find proof that was actually the case . Reporter : After Stewart was charged by federal authorities Wednesday , her lawyers issued a statement in which they said , quote , Martha Stewart has done nothing wrong . The accusation that Martha Stewart sold the ImClone shares based on inside information proved to be false . If she lied , then that is the obstruction of justice charge . That 's the criminal side . That 's where the prison time comes in . Reporter : For Stewart , the fallout from the past year taken a tremendous toll . Martha Stewart told me that the investigation itself had cost her about $ 400 million , in decline in her stock , legal fees , and lost business opportunities . Reporter : Ironic , considering the sale of the ImClone stock resulted in a gain of less than $ 50,000 . She 'll never fully recover . You know , it 's almost like e.g. you get off the hook , but are you really off the hook because people always believe you were guilty . And it 's hard to win back that sort of brand equity that she 's lost . Reporter : Stewart is vowing to clear her name of the charges . She is so focused and so determined that this investigation , while terribly upsetting , has not been something that 's stood in her way . As only she would , she said , Look , I do n't lose any sleep . I still sleep my three or four hours a night . Reporter : He says Stewart is still taken aback by the reaction to her legal troubles . I think
We are now hitting 33 after the hour this morning . Embattled ImClone founder Sam Waksal sentenced to more than seven years in prison for insider trading . The scandal drew national headlines when it ensnared domestic diva Martha Stewart . Waksal admitted advising his daughter to dump her stock . Stewart is being accused of unloading her stock after also learning some inside information . Waksal is the first chief executive to be sentenced in a wave of corporate scandals and that started with the big Enron bankruptcy into 2001 . Top executives at the company accused of cooking the books to hide billions of dollars in debt . Former Enron Vice President Sherron Watkins who wrote that now - famous memo questioning the accounting practice and joining us now from Houston . We want to talk to
See that graphic ? More than a million babies awaiting adoption in China today . A California family is now bigger by one . Tonight they 're welcoming little Abby Kramer in the world . Was anything but simple . Her new mom and dad had to contend with international red tape , traveling thousands of miles to meet the new addition and cope with the SARS crisis going on in China . Their story is remarkable . Thelma Gutierrez telling the story of the Kramers meeting Kramer . Reporter : The Kramers are taking a trip , the trip of a lifetime . I have passports and everything ready to pack . Reporter : Mark and Denise are going to China to pick up a baby girl . Her new parents will call
See that graphic ? More than a million babies awaiting adoption in China today . A California family is now bigger by one . Tonight they 're welcoming little Abby Kramer in the world . Was anything but simple . Her new mom and dad had to contend with international red tape , traveling thousands of miles to meet the new addition and cope with the SARS crisis going on in China . Their story is remarkable . Thelma Gutierrez telling the story of the Kramers meeting Kramer . Reporter : The Kramers are taking a trip , the trip of a lifetime . I have passports and everything ready to pack . Reporter : Mark and Denise are going to China to pick up a baby girl . Her new parents will call her Abby . To me looks like my child is my child , so I ca n't wait to have her . Reporter : After waiting nearly a year , things get a little complicated for the Kramers . SARS wreaks havoc in China and foreign adoptions are put on hold . The Kramers are among the lucky ones . Their vias are approved . Do you have masks ? Yes , actually , we did bring some masks . Reporter : Still they have concerns . They 're heading to Quinn Joe . We understand that 's where the SARS epidemic started from and we 're going right to the heart . Reporter : Nothing will stop them . What would you tell
See that graphic ? More than a million babies awaiting adoption in China today . A California family is now bigger by one . Tonight they 're welcoming little Abby Kramer in the world . Was anything but simple . Her new mom and dad had to contend with international red tape , traveling thousands of miles to meet the new addition and cope with the SARS crisis going on in China . Their story is remarkable . Thelma Gutierrez telling the story of the Kramers meeting Kramer . Reporter : The Kramers are taking a trip , the trip of a lifetime . I have passports and everything ready to pack . Reporter : Mark and Denise are going to China to pick up a baby girl . Her new parents will call her Abby . To me looks like my child is my child , so I ca n't wait to have her . Reporter : After waiting nearly a year , things get a little complicated for the Kramers . SARS wreaks havoc in China and foreign adoptions are put on hold . The Kramers are among the lucky ones . Their vias are approved . Do you have masks ? Yes , actually , we did bring some masks . Reporter : Still they have concerns . They 're heading to Quinn Joe . We understand that 's where the SARS epidemic started from and we 're going right to the heart . Reporter : Nothing will stop them . What would you tell her about somehow she came to you and why
Was anything but simple . Her new mom and dad had to contend with international red tape , traveling thousands of miles to meet the new addition and cope with the SARS crisis going on in China . Their story is remarkable . Thelma Gutierrez telling the story of the Kramers meeting Kramer . Reporter : The Kramers are taking a trip , the trip of a lifetime . I have passports and everything ready to pack . Reporter : Mark and Denise are going to China to pick up a baby girl . Her new parents will call her Abby . To me looks like my child is my child , so I ca n't wait to have her . Reporter : After waiting nearly a year , things get a little complicated for the Kramers . SARS wreaks havoc in China and foreign adoptions are put on hold . The Kramers are among the lucky ones . Their vias are approved . Do you have masks ? Yes , actually , we did bring some masks . Reporter : Still they have concerns . They 're heading to Quinn Joe . We understand that 's where the SARS epidemic started from and we 're going right to the heart . Reporter : Nothing will stop them . What would you tell her about somehow she came to you and why she was given up ? The people that gave birth to you are not necessarily your mom and dad . They 're the ones that love you and care for you . We are . Reporter : Finally , It 's time to go , with the 16 - hour flight to look forward to -- it 's been a total rollercoaster . Reporter : The Kramers are finally on their way . With our video camera , they record their journey . We just boarded the plane . The flight attendants are wearing masks . Reporter : The Kramers decide not to , neither do the other 23 adoptive families on the long overseas trip . We just got off , so our 16 - hour flight is over . Reporter : The families begin with a tour . An alligator , my goodness . Reporter : The Kramers must wait and travel to another town for Abby . On the next flight , passengers wear masks and their temperatures are taken for signs of SARS . Today is the big day . We 're an hour and a half from getting our Abigail . Reporter : Finally the Kramers meet Abby . Hi , there . I kind of leaned over and gave her a kiss on the forehead and she looked up and -- Reporter : They know little about their little girl , found by the side of the road days after she was born . She spent most of her life in an orphannage . Now Abby has a new life in California with the Kramers and their two kids . I think I love
Her new parents will call her Abby . To me looks like my child is my child , so I ca n't wait to have her . Reporter : After waiting nearly a year , things get a little complicated for the Kramers . SARS wreaks havoc in China and foreign adoptions are put on hold . The Kramers are among the lucky ones . Their vias are approved . Do you have masks ? Yes , actually , we did bring some masks . Reporter : Still they have concerns . They 're heading to Quinn Joe . We understand that 's where the SARS epidemic started from and we 're going right to the heart . Reporter : Nothing will stop them . What would you tell her about somehow she came to you and why she was given up ? The people that gave birth to you are not necessarily your mom and dad . They 're the ones that love you and care for you . We are . Reporter : Finally , It 's time to go , with the 16 - hour flight to look forward to -- it 's been a total rollercoaster . Reporter : The Kramers are finally on their way . With our video camera , they record their journey . We just boarded the plane . The flight attendants are wearing masks . Reporter : The Kramers decide not to , neither do the other 23 adoptive families on the long overseas trip . We just got off , so our 16 - hour flight is over . Reporter : The families begin with a tour . An alligator , my goodness . Reporter : The Kramers must wait and travel to another town for Abby . On the next flight , passengers wear masks and their temperatures are taken for signs of SARS . Today is the big day . We 're an hour and a half from getting our Abigail . Reporter : Finally the Kramers meet Abby . Hi , there . I kind of leaned over and gave her a kiss on the forehead and she looked up and -- Reporter : They know little about their little girl , found by the side of the road days after she was born . She spent most of her life in an orphannage . Now Abby has a new life in California with the Kramers and their two kids . I think I love her more every day , every time I look at her . Reporter : Thelma Gutierrez , CNN , Los Angeles . Well , it is our turn to meet the Kramers back in the U.S. after their journey to China to bring home the newest and cutest perhaps , member of their family , in Los Angeles , the proud parents of 11 month Abigail Kramer . Thank you for being with us . Thank you for having us .
To me looks like my child is my child , so I ca n't wait to have her . Reporter : After waiting nearly a year , things get a little complicated for the Kramers . SARS wreaks havoc in China and foreign adoptions are put on hold . The Kramers are among the lucky ones . Their vias are approved . Do you have masks ? Yes , actually , we did bring some masks . Reporter : Still they have concerns . They 're heading to Quinn Joe . We understand that 's where the SARS epidemic started from and we 're going right to the heart . Reporter : Nothing will stop them . What would you tell her about somehow she came to you and why she was given up ? The people that gave birth to you are not necessarily your mom and dad . They 're the ones that love you and care for you . We are . Reporter : Finally , It 's time to go , with the 16 - hour flight to look forward to -- it 's been a total rollercoaster . Reporter : The Kramers are finally on their way . With our video camera , they record their journey . We just boarded the plane . The flight attendants are wearing masks . Reporter : The Kramers decide not to , neither do the other 23 adoptive families on the long overseas trip . We just got off , so our 16 - hour flight is over . Reporter : The families begin with a tour . An alligator , my goodness . Reporter : The Kramers must wait and travel to another town for Abby . On the next flight , passengers wear masks and their temperatures are taken for signs of SARS . Today is the big day . We 're an hour and a half from getting our Abigail . Reporter : Finally the Kramers meet Abby . Hi , there . I kind of leaned over and gave her a kiss on the forehead and she looked up and -- Reporter : They know little about their little girl , found by the side of the road days after she was born . She spent most of her life in an orphannage . Now Abby has a new life in California with the Kramers and their two kids . I think I love her more every day , every time I look at her . Reporter : Thelma Gutierrez , CNN , Los Angeles . Well , it is our turn to meet the Kramers back in the U.S. after their journey to China to bring home the newest and cutest perhaps , member of their family , in Los Angeles , the proud parents of 11 month Abigail Kramer . Thank you for being with us . Thank you for having us . She is unbelievably adorable . Thanks . Tell us a little about this journey , that moment when you first saw
The Kramers are among the lucky ones . Their vias are approved . Do you have masks ? Yes , actually , we did bring some masks . Reporter : Still they have concerns . They 're heading to Quinn Joe . We understand that 's where the SARS epidemic started from and we 're going right to the heart . Reporter : Nothing will stop them . What would you tell her about somehow she came to you and why she was given up ? The people that gave birth to you are not necessarily your mom and dad . They 're the ones that love you and care for you . We are . Reporter : Finally , It 's time to go , with the 16 - hour flight to look forward to -- it 's been a total rollercoaster . Reporter : The Kramers are finally on their way . With our video camera , they record their journey . We just boarded the plane . The flight attendants are wearing masks . Reporter : The Kramers decide not to , neither do the other 23 adoptive families on the long overseas trip . We just got off , so our 16 - hour flight is over . Reporter : The families begin with a tour . An alligator , my goodness . Reporter : The Kramers must wait and travel to another town for Abby . On the next flight , passengers wear masks and their temperatures are taken for signs of SARS . Today is the big day . We 're an hour and a half from getting our Abigail . Reporter : Finally the Kramers meet Abby . Hi , there . I kind of leaned over and gave her a kiss on the forehead and she looked up and -- Reporter : They know little about their little girl , found by the side of the road days after she was born . She spent most of her life in an orphannage . Now Abby has a new life in California with the Kramers and their two kids . I think I love her more every day , every time I look at her . Reporter : Thelma Gutierrez , CNN , Los Angeles . Well , it is our turn to meet the Kramers back in the U.S. after their journey to China to bring home the newest and cutest perhaps , member of their family , in Los Angeles , the proud parents of 11 month Abigail Kramer . Thank you for being with us . Thank you for having us . She is unbelievably adorable . Thanks . Tell us a little about this journey , that moment when you first saw her . You traveled . This is going on two years . You battled bureaucracy , traveling thousands of miles , facing disease . What was that like ? Incredible , you know , just to hold
The Kramers are among the lucky ones . Their vias are approved . Do you have masks ? Yes , actually , we did bring some masks . Reporter : Still they have concerns . They 're heading to Quinn Joe . We understand that 's where the SARS epidemic started from and we 're going right to the heart . Reporter : Nothing will stop them . What would you tell her about somehow she came to you and why she was given up ? The people that gave birth to you are not necessarily your mom and dad . They 're the ones that love you and care for you . We are . Reporter : Finally , It 's time to go , with the 16 - hour flight to look forward to -- it 's been a total rollercoaster . Reporter : The Kramers are finally on their way . With our video camera , they record their journey . We just boarded the plane . The flight attendants are wearing masks . Reporter : The Kramers decide not to , neither do the other 23 adoptive families on the long overseas trip . We just got off , so our 16 - hour flight is over . Reporter : The families begin with a tour . An alligator , my goodness . Reporter : The Kramers must wait and travel to another town for Abby . On the next flight , passengers wear masks and their temperatures are taken for signs of SARS . Today is the big day . We 're an hour and a half from getting our Abigail . Reporter : Finally the Kramers meet Abby . Hi , there . I kind of leaned over and gave her a kiss on the forehead and she looked up and -- Reporter : They know little about their little girl , found by the side of the road days after she was born . She spent most of her life in an orphannage . Now Abby has a new life in California with the Kramers and their two kids . I think I love her more every day , every time I look at her . Reporter : Thelma Gutierrez , CNN , Los Angeles . Well , it is our turn to meet the Kramers back in the U.S. after their journey to China to bring home the newest and cutest perhaps , member of their family , in Los Angeles , the proud parents of 11 month Abigail Kramer . Thank you for being with us . Thank you for having us . She is unbelievably adorable . Thanks . Tell us a little about this journey , that moment when you first saw her . You traveled . This is going on two years . You battled bureaucracy , traveling thousands of miles , facing disease . What was that like ? Incredible , you know , just to hold her in our arms , have
They 're heading to Quinn Joe . We understand that 's where the SARS epidemic started from and we 're going right to the heart . Reporter : Nothing will stop them . What would you tell her about somehow she came to you and why she was given up ? The people that gave birth to you are not necessarily your mom and dad . They 're the ones that love you and care for you . We are . Reporter : Finally , It 's time to go , with the 16 - hour flight to look forward to -- it 's been a total rollercoaster . Reporter : The Kramers are finally on their way . With our video camera , they record their journey . We just boarded the plane . The flight attendants are wearing masks . Reporter : The Kramers decide not to , neither do the other 23 adoptive families on the long overseas trip . We just got off , so our 16 - hour flight is over . Reporter : The families begin with a tour . An alligator , my goodness . Reporter : The Kramers must wait and travel to another town for Abby . On the next flight , passengers wear masks and their temperatures are taken for signs of SARS . Today is the big day . We 're an hour and a half from getting our Abigail . Reporter : Finally the Kramers meet Abby . Hi , there . I kind of leaned over and gave her a kiss on the forehead and she looked up and -- Reporter : They know little about their little girl , found by the side of the road days after she was born . She spent most of her life in an orphannage . Now Abby has a new life in California with the Kramers and their two kids . I think I love her more every day , every time I look at her . Reporter : Thelma Gutierrez , CNN , Los Angeles . Well , it is our turn to meet the Kramers back in the U.S. after their journey to China to bring home the newest and cutest perhaps , member of their family , in Los Angeles , the proud parents of 11 month Abigail Kramer . Thank you for being with us . Thank you for having us . She is unbelievably adorable . Thanks . Tell us a little about this journey , that moment when you first saw her . You traveled . This is going on two years . You battled bureaucracy , traveling thousands of miles , facing disease . What was that like ? Incredible , you know , just to hold her in our arms , have her with us . I mean , you count the moments , and it was just anticipation all the way there . So it was relief . It was , you know , a dream come true .
Going to use it in those patients . His dandruff shampoo was n't tough enough for Black , so I bought him maximum strength Selsun Blue . It 's doctor recommended and works fast . Selsun Blue . That have riveted the nation . First , a big hearing tomorrow in the Scott Peterson case . Punishing prosecutors . It could all be up for grabs . Then the Texas woman accused of hitting a man with her car , driving home with
Going to use it in those patients . His dandruff shampoo was n't tough enough for Black , so I bought him maximum strength Selsun Blue . It 's doctor recommended and works fast . Selsun Blue . That have riveted the nation . First , a big hearing tomorrow in the Scott Peterson case . Punishing prosecutors . It could all be up for grabs . Then the Texas woman accused of hitting a man with her car , driving home with him stuck to her windshield and leaving
Going to use it in those patients . His dandruff shampoo was n't tough enough for Black , so I bought him maximum strength Selsun Blue . It 's doctor recommended and works fast . Selsun Blue . That have riveted the nation . First , a big hearing tomorrow in the Scott Peterson case . Punishing prosecutors . It could all be up for grabs . Then the Texas woman accused of hitting a man with her car , driving home with him stuck to her windshield and leaving him there to die . And Andrew Luster , grandson of cosmetic legend Max Factor , what drove
Going to use it in those patients . His dandruff shampoo was n't tough enough for Black , so I bought him maximum strength Selsun Blue . It 's doctor recommended and works fast . Selsun Blue . That have riveted the nation . First , a big hearing tomorrow in the Scott Peterson case . Punishing prosecutors . It could all be up for grabs . Then the Texas woman accused of hitting a man with her car , driving home with
Going to use it in those patients . His dandruff shampoo was n't tough enough for Black , so I bought him maximum strength Selsun Blue . It 's doctor recommended and works fast . Selsun Blue . That have riveted the nation . First , a big hearing tomorrow in the Scott Peterson case . Punishing prosecutors . It could all be up for grabs . Then the Texas woman accused of hitting a man with her car , driving home with him stuck to her windshield and leaving
Going to use it in those patients . His dandruff shampoo was n't tough enough for Black , so I bought him maximum strength Selsun Blue . It 's doctor recommended and works fast . Selsun Blue . That have riveted the nation . First , a big hearing tomorrow in the Scott Peterson case . Punishing prosecutors . It could all be up for grabs . Then the Texas woman accused of hitting a man with her car , driving home with him stuck to her windshield and leaving him there to die . And Andrew Luster , grandson of cosmetic legend Max Factor , what drove
Comes with someone involved in case of a 22 - year - old disabled woman in Florida . They talk about her current predicament . A mind of toddler , raped while in state care , pregnant , and forced in the spotlight when Jeb Bush tried to get a guardian appointed for
Comes with someone involved in case of a 22 - year - old disabled woman in Florida . They talk about her current predicament . A mind of toddler , raped while in state care , pregnant , and forced in the spotlight when Jeb Bush tried to get a guardian appointed for her fetus . Predicament goes hard enough to describe that . To continue a pregnancy that her lawyer says she is not aware of but the decision was n't based on the advice of the governor . Here 's CNN 's Susan Candyioti . Reporter : We know
They talk about her current predicament . A mind of toddler , raped while in state care , pregnant , and forced in the spotlight when Jeb Bush tried to get a guardian appointed for her fetus . Predicament goes hard enough to describe that . To continue a pregnancy that her lawyer says she is not aware of but the decision was n't based on the advice of the governor . Here 's CNN 's Susan Candyioti . Reporter : We know her only by her initial , this mother - to - be , JDS . Only 22 years old with no known family . Police say she has the mental capacity of a 1 - year - old . According to court filing , JDS has cerebral palsy and she 's autistic . She did n't become pregnant by choice , she was raped , police say in a group home overseen by the state of Florida . JDS is now more than six months pregnant . Since she 's incapable of making her own decision , a Florida judge based his decision on below to give birth on the recommendation . Two doctors agreed JDS is , `` in good health . '' Two sonograms reveal , no obvious or significant fetal abnormalities . Although , JDS is autistic , a guardian says JDS appears to be responsive not just sitting in a semiconscious state all the time . Still undecided , an appeal by Governor Jeb Bush , who wants the guardian apointed for the fetus . He says the unborn child must be protected . However , a spokesman for the governor says he calls the court ruling for JDS , not to abort the baby , compassionate and humane . Last month in Miami , a judge ordered an abortion for another severely disabled raped woman who had been living in a state - regulated home . In that case , the young woman 's mother approved the abortion . And in this case , there are a lot of unanswered questions still . For example , what will happen to the baby , and what will happen to JDS ? Of course , according to the guardian , she 's very worried about that , too , and she has warned the court that she hopes the mother will be placed in a better home when all of this is over , one where she is far better protected than she was by the state in a home where police say she was raped . Aaron ? Well , two questions . Do they know who the rapist is ? That 's sort a yes or no , I suppose . And the other is , Has the state done anything ? Is it doing anything to tighten up security in these places with respect defenseless people are being attacked ? Reporter : Well , first of all , regarding the rape , they hope to find out who the father is once
" Mama ! Do n't beat me any more ! Mama ! " Little Ho - ho , a student at the Yungho Wanghsi Primary School , is showing off to his aunt some Taiwanese - language lines
" Mama ! Do n't beat me any more ! Mama ! " Little Ho - ho , a student at the Yungho Wanghsi Primary School , is showing off to his aunt some Taiwanese - language lines he learned from television . Ho - ho is a typical child of a northern Taiwan mainlander family -LRB- i.e. a family which came to Taiwan from mainland China only after WWII -RRB- . Because he spoke only Mandarin Chinese at home and at school , he did n't really know any Taiwanese until recently . But in the last couple of years his Taiwanese has improved dramatically , thanks to the 8:00 p.m. serials . Ho - ho 's guardian ,
" Mama ! Do n't beat me any more ! Mama ! " Little Ho - ho , a student at the Yungho Wanghsi Primary School , is showing off to his aunt some Taiwanese - language lines he learned from television . Ho - ho is a typical child of a northern Taiwan mainlander family -LRB- i.e. a family which came to Taiwan from mainland China only after WWII -RRB- . Because he spoke only Mandarin Chinese at home and at school , he did n't really know any Taiwanese until recently . But in the last couple of years his Taiwanese has improved dramatically , thanks to the 8:00 p.m. serials . Ho - ho 's guardian , his aunt Tsui Mei - lan , bemoans the fact that " Taiwan 's prime - time shows are violent , and even the love stories have people constantly slapping each other and arguing violently , so they are really not suitable for small children . " But when Ho - ho told
" Mama ! Do n't beat me any more ! Mama ! " Little Ho - ho , a student at the Yungho Wanghsi Primary School , is showing off to his aunt some Taiwanese - language lines he learned from television . Ho - ho is a typical child of a northern Taiwan mainlander family -LRB- i.e. a family which came to Taiwan from mainland China only after WWII -RRB- . Because he spoke only Mandarin Chinese at home and at school , he did n't really know any Taiwanese until recently . But in the last couple of years his Taiwanese has improved dramatically , thanks to the 8:00 p.m. serials . Ho - ho 's guardian , his aunt Tsui Mei - lan , bemoans the fact that " Taiwan 's prime - time shows are violent , and even the love stories have people constantly slapping each other and arguing violently , so they are really not suitable for small children . " But when Ho - ho told her that he wanted to watch these programs every evening in order to learn Taiwanese , Tsui , who all her life has experienced the problems of not being able to speak or understand Taiwanese , found it hard to refuse . The child 's rapid success at picking up Taiwanese has amazed
Innocents Abroad Educating Taiwanese Kids in the PRC -LRB- Jackie Chen / photos by Diago Chiu / tr. by David Mayer -RRB- When Taiwanese business people take up an expatriate lifestyle , the thing they worry about most is family matters , especially the education of their growing children . For Taiwanese expatriates in mainland China , incompatibility between the Taiwanese and mainland education systems is the main reason why most of them do not move their families across with them . In the city of Dongguan , located just over 40 kilometers east of Guangzhou , the ground has already been broken on a project to build the first school for Taiwanese children in mainland China . There is an especially large Taiwanese expatriate community in the Dongguan area , and there are high hopes that the new school , scheduled to begin officially enrolling students in September , will go a long way toward solving the nettlesome problem of education . " Sometimes I get to thinking that I 've achieved absolutely everything I set out to do in life , " says H. D. Ye , " then I take a look at my family 's situation and it seems as though I have n't really done anything at all . " As chairman of the board at Dongguan Primax Electronics Products , Ye has nine factories and over 4,000 employees under him . Why would someone so successful be so down about his situation ? Says Ye with a worried frown , " Recently my wife has been calling me a lot from Canada to talk about
Where to send the kids ? H. D. Ye notes that there are now about 400 children of Taiwanese expatriates in Dongguan who attend school in the mainland . Greater than half attend mainland China 's regular elementary and secondary schools , while the more affluent Taiwanese send their children to private schools for expatriate children . Chang Mei - liang , chairperson of the TBAD Women 's Division , is among the latter group . After her elder son and daughter finished elementary school in Taiwan she sent them to a boarding school in Britain . Her ten - year - old child is too young for that though , so
The Hong Kong elementary school and the international school are both an hour or two away from Dongguan , and many of the Taiwanese in Dongguan want to be able to see their children every day . This prompted a group of them to establish a private bilingual school called Little Oxford in February 1998 . The school admits children from kindergarten -LRB- age five -RRB- through grade five of elementary school . Some of Little Oxford 's 200 students -LRB- such as Norman Hsu 's child -RRB- used to go to school in Shenzhen , while others have transferred in from the mainland Chinese public school system . Little Oxford is very similar to the Taiwanese school being promoted by the TBAD . Most of its teaching materials are very similar to those used in Taiwan 's elementary schools , and of the 15 or so teachers there , three are from Taiwan . The big difference is that classes are taught in both Chinese and English because the Taiwanese parents are very interested in seeing that their children learn English well . According to Huang Su , executive director of Little Oxford , " A lot of parents keep after me to make sure that the children 's education is exactly like the regular system in Taiwan , but I have to remind them that once you 've left in Taiwan , you 're not regular any longer . " According to Huang , making the school a mirror image of those in Taiwan does not necessarily mean that you are running a good school . The key is to provide an education that meets the needs of the students . In addition to Taiwanese teaching materials , she has also incorporated some materials from the mainland and overseas into the curriculum . Huang Su , who hails from Beijing , majored in English at university and is keenly interested in education . She came to Dongguan after marrying a Taiwanese expat there , and it was the Taiwanese business community that asked her to run a school . Little Oxford now has a very good reputation in the Taiwanese community . In fact , some Taiwanese send their children to Little Oxford from as far away as Zhuhai -LRB- just opposite Macau on the other side of the Pearl River estuary -RRB- . Huang has been deeply impressed by the deep concern that Taiwanese parents show for their children 's education in the face of difficulties posed by living away from their native Taiwan . One parent , for example , practically begged
Everyday People and A Story of True Grit -- The Wu Family of Taihsi -LRB- Laura Li / photos by Hsueh Chi - kuang / tr. by David Mayer -RRB- They say a rising tide lifts all boats . No one would know more about that than the older generation in Taiwan . The changes of the past five decades have had a deep impact , for example , on the Wu family of Yunlin County . Their main claim to fame is ... nothing , actually , and that is precisely why their story typifies the experiences of so many . So lend your attention , dear reader , as we recount the ups and downs of an average family from a quiet little backwater called Taihsi Township . Wu Tsung - sheng and his older sister have come to meet me at the train station in Touliu , administrative seat of Yunlin County . We pile into a car and head toward their parents ' home . Wu Tsung - sheng fills me in on
p. 99 84 - year - old grandma Wu puts an arm around her great - grandson and great - granddaughter . From right to left are her sons Wu Chien - lo -LRB- and his wife -RRB- , Tsai Jui - ting , and Tsai Kuo - lung . Throw in the grandchildren and you 've got four generations gathered at grandma Wu 's traditional farmhouse right near the seacoast in Taihsi Township . p. 100 The Wu family 's bakery business has been a steady money earner over the years and has provided a comfortable living . Wu Tsung - sheng and his parents are shown here in front of Wu Chien - lo 's shop . p. 101 4 - H Clubs were once very popular in Taiwan . The girl at second from the right in the front is today the wife of Wu Chien - lo . -LRB- courtesy of Wu Chien - lo -RRB- p. 102 The haikou area is known for lots of sandy wind blowing in from the seashore , and for the big yam crop grown here . The area is also a big producer of oysters . The empty shells piled here along the roadside fill the air with their briny aroma . p. 103 Not a whole lot of traffic moves along the streets of Taihsi Township . The slow - paced small town atmosphere lingers in the mind long after a visit to Taihsi has ended . p. 104 Eldest grandson Wu Tsung - sheng is working on a doctorate in sociology . This visit has spurred grandma Wu to tell lots of stories
Grandma Wu was adopted into the Wu family at age ten . Within half a year both of her adoptive parents died , and at age 11 she slipped and fell in the sugar cane fields , poking her left eye out . Orphaned and blind in one eye , a hard life lay in store for her , but she made the best of a bad situation . With no male siblings to carry on the family line , at age 25 she managed to find a husband who was willing to let his first male child take the Wu surname . The children came rapidly , and there was never any money to spare . But it is clear that
Far more than a pinch - hitter From career woman to professional legislator , Yeh 's metamorphosis was clear for her colleagues to see . In " Looking Back , " a documentary on women in Taiwanese politics that was filmed with support from the DPP 's Department of Women 's Affairs , the late DPP women 's affairs director Peng Wan - ju made an acute observation about Yeh : Although it was her husband 's lingering shadow that took
Far more than a pinch - hitter From career woman to professional legislator , Yeh 's metamorphosis was clear for her colleagues to see . In " Looking Back , " a documentary on women in Taiwanese politics that was filmed with support from the DPP 's Department of Women 's Affairs , the late DPP women 's affairs director Peng Wan - ju made an acute observation about Yeh : Although it was her husband 's lingering shadow that took her into politics , Yeh 's performance has gone beyond the traditional experiences of women in opposition politics , transcending the image of a victimized family member to manifest the autonomy of a female political figure in her own right . Peng commented : " During her first term as a legislator she acted a lot like a substitute , so every time she questioned officials or addressed a session she would say that such and such was communicated to her in a dream by Cheng Nan - jung . However , by
Far more than a pinch - hitter From career woman to professional legislator , Yeh 's metamorphosis was clear for her colleagues to see . In " Looking Back , " a documentary on women in Taiwanese politics that was filmed with support from the DPP 's Department of Women 's Affairs , the late DPP women 's affairs director Peng Wan - ju made an acute observation about Yeh : Although it was her husband 's lingering shadow that took her into politics , Yeh 's performance has gone beyond the traditional experiences of women in opposition politics , transcending the image of a victimized family member to manifest the autonomy of a female political figure in her own right . Peng commented : " During her first term as a legislator she acted a lot like a substitute , so every time she questioned officials or addressed a session she would say that such and such was communicated to her in a dream by Cheng Nan - jung . However , by her second and third terms , she came very much into her own , and she won great respect from women 's groups as a defender of women 's interests and a champion of the family dependents ' section of the civil law . " At the recent Yangmingshan seminar for new government officials , Yeh Chu - lan gave a short interview , stressing , " When I first ran for office I was not playing the role of a housewife pinch - hitting for her husband . I was already an influential female executive in my professional field . And even though I went into politics due to my husband 's sacrifice , I was only willing to do so because I shared
New President Takes Office on May 20 -LRB- Eric Lin / tr. by David Mayer -RRB- The Republic of China 's tenth - term president and vice president , Chen Shui - bian and Annette Lu , took the oath of office on 20 May , 2000 in the first - ever transfer of power in Chinese history to a popularly elected leader from the opposition . In
One day , Martine mentioned to us that Chien - chien was a little cross-eyed . However , she said we were not to worry because children 's eyes usually correct themselves as they get older . To ease our minds , she had already taken Chien - chien to see her uncle , an ophthalmologist . If Chien - chien would visit
All part of the plan ? One after another , government development plans have raised the expectations of Pali residents . But so far the only things Pali folk have been able to enjoy have been flying dust from construction sites , roads filled with giant trucks , and new neighbors of an " otherworldly " kind . The new roads have certainly brought in a group of immigrants anxious to escape from Taipei City and return to nature . But at the same time , verdant Mt. Kuanyin - named for its uncanny resemblance to the deity Kuanyin - is covered with columbariums and cemeteries . Even Kuanyin , worshipped for her limitless compassion and mercy , must be creasing her brow at this rampant overuse of the mountain . Chen Chien - kuo , a secretary in the Pali Rural Township government , says facetiously : " What can we do ? We have the mountains behind us and the sea in front . People say the fengshui is good here , so they come . " He adds , in a far less amused tone , that the government has been talking about making Mt. Kuanyin a national park for a long time , and has banned construction or use of the mountain . But after 30 years , the park plan is still a non-starter , and meanwhile many cemeteries and colum - bariums have " snuck in . " " Nobody seems to care about our Pali , and we are very remote , so people just dump what they do n't want out here . We say that this is why we not only have a water pollution treatment plant and a garbage landfill , but also five nursing homes and hospices for the terminally ill . " Take the Taipei Happy Mountain Colony for example . This venerable institution was first used to house leprosy victims , who met only fear and loathing elsewhere . In 1932 , a British missionary founded this home - over the strong opposition of the local gentry - to offer leprosy victims a place to live in dignity and find warmth away from the cold outside world . Today , Happy Mountain is a home for physically and mentally challenged young people , and the simple old structure , surrounded by greenery , rings with the laughter of children . Li Li - chuan , who works at Happy Mountain , was born and raised right here in Pali . Her family home is not far from the chil - dren 's home . " When I was small I used to come here to play . All the adults called the kids ' empty - headed . ' I was small , and did n't know any better , so I just called them that too . " Stroking the head of a sleeping child with hydrocephalus ,
Love and war At age 20 Wang went to Beiping -LRB- as Beijing was then called -RRB- to study at the Jinghua School of Art , and like many other young Chinese at that time - when the cultures of East and West were first coming into close contact - he immersed himself in Western culture , learning all he could about Western painting , sculpture , film and literature . However , perhaps due to his familiarity with what was best in Chinese art , Wang did n't take this interest in Western art any further . Instead he opted for the life of the true Chinese man of letters . In 1937 , following the Marco Polo Bridge Incident , Japan occupied Beiping and launched a full - scale invasion of China . Newly betrothed , and with the sterling qualities of a typical northern lad , Wang enlisted in the army . For three months he marched with an expeditionary force to the malaria - infested jungles of Burma , and then on to India , before making a safe return . His young bride Chang Ming - sui , daughter of General Chang Jun - sheng , was of a similarly resolute character . Unable to get news of Wang 's whereabouts she took herself , along with another young woman -LRB- who brought her baby son and was also seeking her husband -RRB- from Jiangxi Province to China 's southwest . Now 87 years of age , Chang Ming - sui says : " Many years later I saw what
Love and war At age 20 Wang went to Beiping -LRB- as Beijing was then called -RRB- to study at the Jinghua School of Art , and like many other young Chinese at that time - when the cultures of East and West were first coming into close contact - he immersed himself in Western culture , learning all he could about Western painting , sculpture , film and literature . However , perhaps due to his familiarity with what was best in Chinese art , Wang did n't take this interest in Western art any further . Instead he opted for the life of the true Chinese man of letters . In 1937 , following the Marco Polo Bridge Incident , Japan occupied Beiping and launched a full - scale invasion of China . Newly betrothed , and with the sterling qualities of a typical northern lad , Wang enlisted in the army . For three months he marched with an expeditionary force to the malaria - infested jungles of Burma , and then on to India , before making a safe return . His young bride Chang Ming - sui , daughter of General Chang Jun - sheng , was of a similarly resolute character . Unable to get news of Wang 's whereabouts she took herself , along with another young woman -LRB- who brought her baby son and was also seeking her husband -RRB- from Jiangxi Province to China 's southwest . Now 87 years of age , Chang Ming - sui says : " Many years later I saw what he had written in his diary back then . Though he had no news of me whatsoever ,
Love and war At age 20 Wang went to Beiping -LRB- as Beijing was then called -RRB- to study at the Jinghua School of Art , and like many other young Chinese at that time - when the cultures of East and West were first coming into close contact - he immersed himself in Western culture , learning all he could about Western painting , sculpture , film and literature . However , perhaps due to his familiarity with what was best in Chinese art , Wang did n't take this interest in Western art any further . Instead he opted for the life of the true Chinese man of letters . In 1937 , following the Marco Polo Bridge Incident , Japan occupied Beiping and launched a full - scale invasion of China . Newly betrothed , and with the sterling qualities of a typical northern lad , Wang enlisted in the army . For three months he marched with an expeditionary force to the malaria - infested jungles of Burma , and then on to India , before making a safe return . His young bride Chang Ming - sui , daughter of General Chang Jun - sheng , was of a similarly resolute character . Unable to get news of Wang 's whereabouts she took herself , along with another young woman -LRB- who brought her baby son and was also seeking her husband -RRB- from Jiangxi Province to China 's southwest . Now 87 years of age , Chang Ming - sui says : " Many years later I saw what he had written in his diary back then . Though he had no news of me whatsoever , he guessed correctly that I would n't wait in the rear area with the other military families , and would n't go back to my parents ' home either . I 'm still moved when I think how well
Wang Chuang - wei is how he has been known ever since , and to this day , few know that his original name was Wang Yuan - feng . According to Hsueh Ping - nan , one of seven main disciples of the " Wang School " of seal carving , the art combines the skills of calligraphy , composition and carving , requiring not only a deep familiarity with ancient forms of script but also the ability to stretch and compress characters so as to fit them , neatly and cleverly , onto the compact head of a seal stone . As an authority in the study of written characters , Wang was highly knowledgeable about different styles of seal script . The 500 or so seals of his displayed in the collection Yuzhao Shanfang Yinxuan show how complete his mastery of the form was , from ancient guxi seals of state , to the qinyin and hanyin seals of the Qin and Han dynasties , and the styles of the oracle - bone - script and wanzhe schools . From the horizontal and vertical strokes of hanyin script , to the snaky lines of small seal script , Wang performed all with equal facility . Hsueh Ping - nan recalls how he once watched Wang carving seals in his study , first giving careful thought to the layout and making draft after draft on paper . Having settled on a layout , he would then carve the seal in one go , using the knife with fluid ease . Thus it was that he could fill the confined space on a seal with expansive , forceful - looking characters . What people admired most about Wang was his ability to wield the knife like a writing brush , carving lines that seemed free and flowing . Every stroke was made with one cut of the blade - in contrast to most seal carvers who need two cuts to achieve the appearance of a brush stroke . This was especially so of his signature mark on the side of the seal . Careful examination of Wang 's seals shows that the running script of the signature mark is carved with every bit as much grace and fluidity as if done by brush and ink , but augmented by the hardness that is intrinsic to stone inscriptions . For individuality of seal - carving style , Wang ranks only behind the likes of Wu Chang - shuo and Qi Baishi The Western artistic concepts that Wang absorbed in his youth opened his mind to creative possibilities within the tradition . For example , he introduced unconventional themes for the knobs that he carved for his seals . Chang Ming - sui picks up one tiny seal , half the length of a little finger , on which the knob is a vividly carved image of a dragon coiled around two seashells . Says Chang : " This is one
As an authority in the study of written characters , Wang was highly knowledgeable about different styles of seal script . The 500 or so seals of his displayed in the collection Yuzhao Shanfang Yinxuan show how complete his mastery of the form was , from ancient guxi seals of state , to the qinyin and hanyin seals of the Qin and Han dynasties , and the styles of the oracle - bone - script and wanzhe schools . From the horizontal and vertical strokes of hanyin script , to the snaky lines of small seal script , Wang performed all with equal facility . Hsueh Ping - nan recalls how he once watched Wang carving seals in his study , first giving careful thought to the layout and making draft after draft on paper . Having settled on a layout , he would then carve the seal in one go , using the knife with fluid ease . Thus it was that he could fill the confined space on a seal with expansive , forceful - looking characters . What people admired most about Wang was his ability to wield the knife like a writing brush , carving lines that seemed free and flowing . Every stroke was made with one cut of the blade - in contrast to most seal carvers who need two cuts to achieve the appearance of a brush stroke . This was especially so of his signature mark on the side of the seal . Careful examination of Wang 's seals shows that the running script of the signature mark is carved with every bit as much grace and fluidity as if done by brush and ink , but augmented by the hardness that is intrinsic to stone inscriptions . For individuality of seal - carving style , Wang ranks only behind the likes of Wu Chang - shuo and Qi Baishi The Western artistic concepts that Wang absorbed in his youth opened his mind to creative possibilities within the tradition . For example , he introduced unconventional themes for the knobs that he carved for his seals . Chang Ming - sui picks up one tiny seal , half the length of a little finger , on which the knob is a vividly carved image of a dragon coiled around two seashells . Says Chang : " This is one he made in Chongqing . When I first saw it I wondered how anyone could carve something like that . " Chang is herself an accomplished carver of seal knobs , and she knows the details and dates of all Wang 's seals and calligraphies . Meeting
In love with archeology Lu asked Liu for advice about people qualified to do reproductions of ancient pottery . She hit the jackpot , because Liu happened to have a good friend named Cheng Yung - gwo , a ceramic artist , who had also studied in the Department of Archeology and Anthropology at NTU . " Cheng was three years behind me in school , and we worked together on digs for many years . When he was in college , he worked on the Peinan and Chihshanyen sites , " says Liu . Peinan society had highly developed pottery arts , and Chihshanyen is a multi-layered site with artifacts from several cultures , and the pottery is even more refined . In fact , Cheng 's inspiration for ceramics originally came from archeology . Liu continues : " Though later Cheng left archeology to do ceramic art , he did not forget his affection for prehistoric pottery , and his early work was influenced by ancient painted pottery . " Liu notes that in recent years there has been growing demand for archeological artifacts for displays , precisely fitting with Cheng 's familiarity with ceramic art and his understanding of archeological work . As Lu Hsiu - chin says , with the satisfaction that comes of knowing one has got just what one wants , "
Middle age creeps up on you " The new waves on the Yangtze River push the old waves along " - i.e. each generation outdoes the last - and in an age of rapid change , the sense of crisis this induces in the older generations is amplified . A Mrs. Wei , who chose to leave her job as a bookkeeper five years ago because of an unexpected pregnancy , thought at the time that with her ability , experience and contacts it would not be hard for her to find a new job once her child started primary school . But as the day of her return to the world of work draws ever nearer , she feels a growing sense of panic . " Most of my old colleagues have left , and the few I 'm still in touch with talk about nothing but things like Excel spreadsheets that I know nothing about ! " Mrs. Wei has hinted a few times to her husband that
Putting down roots Just how widespread is this English learning among our primary students ? Mr. Chen lives in Neihu . Four years earlier his daughter , now in grade 3 , attended English classes at a well known private kindergarten in Neihu . Every evening just on dusk the kindergarten 's minibus would pick up his daughter and take her away to spend two happy hours each day in a " totally American " language environment . " If your English is good , it gives you an edge . It 's essential , " says Chen . " I grew up in a rural area , and never had an environment like this . When I made my way into the wider world , I was on the back foot compared to people with good English . " He wants his children to be better prepared for life than he was , so like the children of many of his friends and relatives , they began learning English in kindergarten . " As long as we can find the money , at least they wo n't be left behind at the starting line . " Even though the fees for his two children to attend a bilingual kindergarten came to NT$ 80,000 for just one term , Chen considers it " money well spent . " Mrs. Liu , a mother living on Minsheng East Road recalls some years ago , before English teaching in primary schools started in earnest .
Big classes , little practice What strikes people as curious is , if their schools have had English classes for a long time now then why do so many students need to go to private language schools ? Chen Chien - hao , another teacher at Jen Ai Primary School , says that at least two - thirds of his more than 600 students are getting extra English lessons outside school . " If they were n't doing this extra work , they 'd never be able to keep up after entering junior high school . " According to Mrs. Su , a mother living in Tanshui , many junior high schools include English listening comprehension tests in the entrance examinations and if primary school students do n't improve their skills then they simply wo n't make the grade . In her family the problem is that her son began learning English when he was four , and so when he went to primary school , the English lessons were just too simple for him . And you really need small class sizes for the training of listening comprehension , and this is another thing the schools can not provide . So the only thing to do is keep on sending him to the private language school , where classes are more ideally sized . Another mother , Mrs. Chang , who lives on Chunghsiao East Road , recalls what happened a year earlier when her son 's school began teaching English . From the very beginning the teacher only spoke English and
A new tune in a foreign land Two years later , Law applied to have her film Autumn Moon compete for a Golden Horse . Much to her surprise , the awards committee refused her application because the film lacked a distributor in Taiwan . Although not allowed to compete for a Golden Horse , it won the Gold Leopard Award at the Locarno Film Festival in Switzerland , and with this award Law began to receive notice in the international film community . Autumn Moon , which was shot with Japanese money , depicts a Japanese man who goes to Hong Kong as a tourist when he is bored with his life . He uses a video camera to make a record of his daily life there , and meets Hui , a 15 - year - old girl who is about to emigrate . Although communication is difficult , they quickly become friends . The girl 's parents have already emigrated to Canada , leaving her behind with her grandmother . This " Japanese older brother " becomes
Fresh and clean Sun clearly occupies an enviable position in the singing world . Yet it is hard to pin down exactly where that position is . Although she has written a few songs herself , these are not among her better works , so she can not be properly placed among the " singer - songwriters . " And while her voice sets her apart , she has not perfected her live performance skills , so she can not be included among the true divas . Moreover , her short hair , buck teeth and aversion to wearing skirts and dresses would seem to exclude her from the teeny - bopper " idols . " Finally , she ca n't be considered an innovator . Half her songs are slow and half are fast , and she has n't revealed much desire to experiment . Indeed , Internet bulletin boards are full of posts wondering why exactly Sun Yan Zi is so popular . " How did she get so popular overnight ? Her looks and voice are pretty average . " " She 's not beautiful , but her smile and singing voice are pleasing . She makes people feel comfortable . " " She does n't really have any special quality to speak of , which seems to be the case with most of the Southeast Asian singers . " Peter Li , the Singaporean who produced both Sun Yan Zi and My Desire Happiness for Sun , admits that she was n't an outstanding student at his music academy , and that her rapid success has surprised many people . But he conjectures that the freshness and intimacy that she projects may be responsible for her success . Citing " freshness , " The China Times entertainment weekly awarded their prize for " best newcomer " to Sun , " the girl with the boyish haircut . " Their panel of judges remarked , " She has good range without the frenzied style that characterizes so many . Her fast songs have a fresh style , and her slow songs convey a soft melancholy . " Wang Tzu - shou , a senior reporter at Min Sheng Pao , describes her as the new generation 's Feng Fei - fei . " When the market gets tired of soft and pretty idols , it swings back toward androgynous tomboy types like Feng Fei - fei , " Wang notes . " Sun Yan Zi fills this need perfectly . " Moreover , she has had the right material , with producer Peter Li providing songs that have individual character but stop short of being avant garde . This has allowed
There is no decent place to stand , not in a massacre . Sorry Jeff I have posted to you before about this and I really do not care one iota . There are too many people in the world , resources are limited under current economic models and this has always gone on . It 's all about real estate and this is just foreplay , the fucking starts with China , deal with it . As war has become more technologically advanced more civilians have died , look at Goya for god 's sake . It 's not right , it 's not wrong , it just is .... Grow up and quit bitchin .... Forward over the fallen and quit moaning over the downsides of Globalisation . Try reading Philip Caputos ' A Rumour of War . Anonymous 2:52 , if someone would kill your family - would you also say it 's not right , it 's not wrong , it just is ? With attitudes like that , there truly is no hope for this planet anymore . We might as well push the reboot button right now . `` hell is full of heroes '' what the fuck does that mean ? Is this a good thing ? Is slaughtering people a good thing ? And what 's anonymous on about ? `` Grow up and quit bitchin '' ? Do we roll over and say this sort of thing is okay just because the ' current economic models ' say so ? Anonymouth . A - non - entity . I think for most Americans the sanctity of the god - fearing soldier going out and making the world right is too near and dear a concept . `` Support the troops , not the regime '' That 's a noble idea until you 're supporting the weight of an armoured vehicle on your chest . The disallusionment of this country is progressing apace and I sense the growing desperation as people realize that just believing we 're on the right side might not necessarily make it so . The first `` anonymous '' poster here is certainly a fellow with his own screwed up head stick up his own disgusting ass . I also think his own understanding of the artistic works he references - Francisco Goya 's Disasters of War and Caputo 's book -- is also supremely naive . I suggest he take an elementary course in art appreciation at his local university or community college . `` It 's not right , it 's not wrong , it just is ... '' i am so glad some anonymous fuck posted this -- it only proves jeff 's point -LRB- made implicitly and explicitly throughout this entire blog -RRB- that there is a cancer in this country that continues to eat at it : a cancerous heritage linked to nazism and fascism and slavery and holocaust and slaughter ... anonymousfuck proves it , america ! kudos to
Paris was once known throughout the world as the capital of sex , but even if foreigners come now , they do not find what they are looking for . For me , it is worse still that the younger generation who celebrate hard - core porn do not seem to realise that they are celebrating hard - core values , and that these are the values of hard - core , globalised capitalism . '' This is also an argument made by the film director and porn actress Ovidie , who came to national prominence in France in 2002 with her book Porno Manifesto , a polemic in defence of porn . Ovidie 's big idea then was that everyday Parisian life had been invaded by `` porno chic '' - the use of pornographic imagery in advertising - and that this was a betrayal of the intentions of those who , like her , both used prostitutes and made `` real porn '' . I was then writing a book about Paris which , among other things , set out to cover the underground sexuality of the city and , inspired by
Paris was once known throughout the world as the capital of sex , but even if foreigners come now , they do not find what they are looking for . For me , it is worse still that the younger generation who celebrate hard - core porn do not seem to realise that they are celebrating hard - core values , and that these are the values of hard - core , globalised capitalism . '' This is also an argument made by the film director and porn actress Ovidie , who came to national prominence in France in 2002 with her book Porno Manifesto , a polemic in defence of porn . Ovidie 's big idea then was that everyday Parisian life had been invaded by `` porno chic '' - the use of pornographic imagery in advertising - and that this was a betrayal of the intentions of those who , like her , both used prostitutes and made `` real porn '' . I was then writing a book about Paris which , among other things , set out to cover the underground sexuality of the city and , inspired by her call for a return to older Parisian traditions of sexual experience , I went to speak to Ovidie for the first time on a chilly September morning in a cafe near rue Saint - Denis . In those days , Ovidie was tiny , pierced and dressed in black pyjamas like a junior Maoist . She began by quoting the contemporary thinkers Jean Baudrillard , Georges Bataille and Guy Debord , who , all in different ways , made the case for sexual freedom , and cited the popularity of porn in pre-Revolutionary Paris , before explaining
Paris was once known throughout the world as the capital of sex , but even if foreigners come now , they do not find what they are looking for . For me , it is worse still that the younger generation who celebrate hard - core porn do not seem to realise that they are celebrating hard - core values , and that these are the values of hard - core , globalised capitalism . '' This is also an argument made by the film director and porn actress Ovidie , who came to national prominence in France in 2002 with her book Porno Manifesto , a polemic in defence of porn . Ovidie 's big idea then was that everyday Parisian life had been invaded by `` porno chic '' - the use of pornographic imagery in advertising - and that this was a betrayal of the intentions of those who , like her , both used prostitutes and made `` real porn '' . I was then writing a book about Paris which , among other things , set out to cover the underground sexuality of the city and , inspired by her call for a return to older Parisian traditions of sexual experience , I went to speak to Ovidie for the first time on a chilly September morning in a cafe near rue Saint - Denis . In those days , Ovidie was tiny , pierced and dressed in black pyjamas like a junior Maoist . She began by quoting the contemporary thinkers Jean Baudrillard , Georges Bataille and Guy Debord , who , all in different ways , made the case for sexual freedom , and cited the popularity of porn in pre-Revolutionary Paris , before explaining her notion that , because it is based on a universal need , in the right hands , `` porn can set you free '' . Ovidie went on : pornography , she said , was about nothing more than the promise of human happiness . The physical and economic exploitation that are undeniably involved in the sex industry , she said , are wrong only because they are a betrayal of this original , quite innocent trust . The exploitation of women in particular , she said , was a betrayal of the original liberating aims of 18th - century pornography . It was this egalitarian philosophy that Ovidie claimed to recapture in her work . This did not preclude payment : indeed quite the opposite . `` I have sex for money , '' Ovidie said , '' and , of course , that demands respect . '' I met Ovidie again a few weeks back in Neuilly , the posh part of Paris where
For me , it is worse still that the younger generation who celebrate hard - core porn do not seem to realise that they are celebrating hard - core values , and that these are the values of hard - core , globalised capitalism . '' This is also an argument made by the film director and porn actress Ovidie , who came to national prominence in France in 2002 with her book Porno Manifesto , a polemic in defence of porn . Ovidie 's big idea then was that everyday Parisian life had been invaded by `` porno chic '' - the use of pornographic imagery in advertising - and that this was a betrayal of the intentions of those who , like her , both used prostitutes and made `` real porn '' . I was then writing a book about Paris which , among other things , set out to cover the underground sexuality of the city and , inspired by her call for a return to older Parisian traditions of sexual experience , I went to speak to Ovidie for the first time on a chilly September morning in a cafe near rue Saint - Denis . In those days , Ovidie was tiny , pierced and dressed in black pyjamas like a junior Maoist . She began by quoting the contemporary thinkers Jean Baudrillard , Georges Bataille and Guy Debord , who , all in different ways , made the case for sexual freedom , and cited the popularity of porn in pre-Revolutionary Paris , before explaining her notion that , because it is based on a universal need , in the right hands , `` porn can set you free '' . Ovidie went on : pornography , she said , was about nothing more than the promise of human happiness . The physical and economic exploitation that are undeniably involved in the sex industry , she said , are wrong only because they are a betrayal of this original , quite innocent trust . The exploitation of women in particular , she said , was a betrayal of the original liberating aims of 18th - century pornography . It was this egalitarian philosophy that Ovidie claimed to recapture in her work . This did not preclude payment : indeed quite the opposite . `` I have sex for money , '' Ovidie said , '' and , of course , that demands respect . '' I met Ovidie again a few weeks back in Neuilly , the posh part of Paris where she now lives - presumably having made a packet from her films with titles like Orgie en Noir and Lilith . It was three years since we had last met and she was now a mother . She was also a little heftier around the edges but still with a definitive view on her own activities and the present state of sex in the city . `` The problem is with Paris itself , and probably France itself , ''
The film is a dream and , like a dream , is both fascinating and disturbing . The opening scene in which a girl 's eye is sliced sets the tone of the film 's meandering and confusing itinerary . Many of the elements that make up the film are remnants of objective reality . The way they are arranged within the scenario pushes them into a mental reconstruction process -- in exactly the way dreams draw on the previous day 's experience . Interestingly , the images have the matter - of - fact quality of a newsreel , or what Higgenbotham calls a `` prosaic realism '' -LRB- 38 -RRB- . Bunuel chose not to use the distorted lenses , supered images , or blurred focus -LRB- cinematic conventions of the day -RRB- to suggest the dreamlike quality of his film . Instead , he approached the entire non-narrative in a straightforward manner . He used the shocking incongruity of the images themselves to build the hallucinatory feeling of anguish that runs through the film . The unrealistic fashion in which the realistic images were juxtaposed was the perfect way , according to Freddy Bauche , to illustrate `` the dramatic collision between desire and the object of desire '' -LRB- 10 -RRB- . Obviously , the director drew much of Un Chien Andalou from his Spanish heritage -- the religious and social implications , the themes of emotionalism and death , even the donkey carcasses . `` Thus Un Chien Andalou , as a milestone in the history of cinema , emerges from its director 's adolescence in Spain and announces the themes and techniques that were to preoccupy Bunuel for half a century , through the rest of his career '' -LRB- Higgenbotham 39 -RRB- . Where desire and eroticism prevailed in Un Chien Andalou , religion took center stage in Simon del Desierto -LRB- Simon of the Desert -RRB- , produced in Mexico in 1965 . Simon del Desierto is a bizarre little narrative set in the fifth century A.D. Saint Simon , in order to be as close to God as possible , has stood praying on top of a sixty - foot pillar for thirty - seven years . He is profoundly sanctimonious - to the degree that he even blesses his own tooth when it falls from his mouth . His devotion , however , is put to the test when the Devil -LRB- a woman wearing the uniform of a Catholic school girl -RRB- arrives in a slithering coffin at the pillar . She is intent on luring the Holy Disciple from his perch as she repeatedly ridicules him and insults his character . Simon heroically resists
Note : There 's a piece by George Packer in The New Yorker -LRB- '' Betrayed : the Iraqis who trusted America the most '' -RRB- about all this , but it 's way too long to blog here . Check it out if you want . It 's hair - raising stuff . Christ , can no one trust an American anymore ? I 'm gettting sick and tired of being ashamed of the USA . What have we come to ? Fuck , piss , shit . Anyway , here 's a shorter piece from Mother Jones : Thrown to the Assassins They cheered the U.S. invasion ; they offered to help , signed on as translators , risked everything they had to work for the United States . But when they had to run for their lives , America slammed the door . By David Case / Mother Jones On the day the American tanks rolled into Baghdad , Abather Abdul Hussein and his wife , Balqes Abdel Mohammed , threw flowers . Literally . After a lifetime of turmoil and tyranny , the couple fervently believed the invasion would bring peace . Abather joined U.S. `` democratization '' efforts , such as a project to create a governing council for his neighborhood , and he occasionally ended up in the good - news Iraq stories that still seemed plausible in those days ; one U.S. paper ran a five - column photo of him perched on a classroom chair surrounded by American soldiers , with a story about the `` new Iraq . '' These days , Abather and his young family are among the hundreds of thousands of Iraqis who have fled in fear for their lives . After months spent dodging insurgents who had targeted them for supporting the Americans , he and Balqes are relieved to have escaped -- and bitter , like thousands of fellow refugees , that the superpower for which they risked their lives has abandoned them . A short man who bundles his shattered body in layers against the desert 's winter chill , the 34 - year - old Abather is polite and relaxed , with an easy smile . An engaging conversationalist even in broken English , he loves to talk about Baghdad , his infant daughter , and his wife , an outspoken woman several years
Note : There 's a piece by George Packer in The New Yorker -LRB- '' Betrayed : the Iraqis who trusted America the most '' -RRB- about all this , but it 's way too long to blog here . Check it out if you want . It 's hair - raising stuff . Christ , can no one trust an American anymore ? I 'm gettting sick and tired of being ashamed of the USA . What have we come to ? Fuck , piss , shit . Anyway , here 's a shorter piece from Mother Jones : Thrown to the Assassins They cheered the U.S. invasion ; they offered to help , signed on as translators , risked everything they had to work for the United States . But when they had to run for their lives , America slammed the door . By David Case / Mother Jones On the day the American tanks rolled into Baghdad , Abather Abdul Hussein and his wife , Balqes Abdel Mohammed , threw flowers . Literally . After a lifetime of turmoil and tyranny , the couple fervently believed the invasion would bring peace . Abather joined U.S. `` democratization '' efforts , such as a project to create a governing council for his neighborhood , and he occasionally ended up in the good - news Iraq stories that still seemed plausible in those days ; one U.S. paper ran a five - column photo of him perched on a classroom chair surrounded by American soldiers , with a story about the `` new Iraq . '' These days , Abather and his young family are among the hundreds of thousands of Iraqis who have fled in fear for their lives . After months spent dodging insurgents who had targeted them for supporting the Americans , he and Balqes are relieved to have escaped -- and bitter , like thousands of fellow refugees , that the superpower for which they risked their lives has abandoned them . A short man who bundles his shattered body in layers against the desert 's winter chill , the 34 - year - old Abather is polite and relaxed , with an easy smile . An engaging conversationalist even in broken English , he loves to talk about Baghdad , his infant daughter , and his wife , an outspoken woman several years his senior , whom
Note : There 's a piece by George Packer in The New Yorker -LRB- '' Betrayed : the Iraqis who trusted America the most '' -RRB- about all this , but it 's way too long to blog here . Check it out if you want . It 's hair - raising stuff . Christ , can no one trust an American anymore ? I 'm gettting sick and tired of being ashamed of the USA . What have we come to ? Fuck , piss , shit . Anyway , here 's a shorter piece from Mother Jones : Thrown to the Assassins They cheered the U.S. invasion ; they offered to help , signed on as translators , risked everything they had to work for the United States . But when they had to run for their lives , America slammed the door . By David Case / Mother Jones On the day the American tanks rolled into Baghdad , Abather Abdul Hussein and his wife , Balqes Abdel Mohammed , threw flowers . Literally . After a lifetime of turmoil and tyranny , the couple fervently believed the invasion would bring peace . Abather joined U.S. `` democratization '' efforts , such as a project to create a governing council for his neighborhood , and he occasionally ended up in the good - news Iraq stories that still seemed plausible in those days ; one U.S. paper ran a five - column photo of him perched on a classroom chair surrounded by American soldiers , with a story about the `` new Iraq . '' These days , Abather and his young family are among the hundreds of thousands of Iraqis who have fled in fear for their lives . After months spent dodging insurgents who had targeted them for supporting the Americans , he and Balqes are relieved to have escaped -- and bitter , like thousands of fellow refugees , that the superpower for which they risked their lives has abandoned them . A short man who bundles his shattered body in layers against the desert 's winter chill , the 34 - year - old Abather is polite and relaxed , with an easy smile . An engaging conversationalist even in broken English , he loves to talk about Baghdad , his infant daughter , and his wife , an outspoken woman several years his senior , whom he calls a genius . `` When we met she was a professor at Baghdad University , '' he boasts . `` I was
Check it out if you want . It 's hair - raising stuff . Christ , can no one trust an American anymore ? I 'm gettting sick and tired of being ashamed of the USA . What have we come to ? Fuck , piss , shit . Anyway , here 's a shorter piece from Mother Jones : Thrown to the Assassins They cheered the U.S. invasion ; they offered to help , signed on as translators , risked everything they had to work for the United States . But when they had to run for their lives , America slammed the door . By David Case / Mother Jones On the day the American tanks rolled into Baghdad , Abather Abdul Hussein and his wife , Balqes Abdel Mohammed , threw flowers . Literally . After a lifetime of turmoil and tyranny , the couple fervently believed the invasion would bring peace . Abather joined U.S. `` democratization '' efforts , such as a project to create a governing council for his neighborhood , and he occasionally ended up in the good - news Iraq stories that still seemed plausible in those days ; one U.S. paper ran a five - column photo of him perched on a classroom chair surrounded by American soldiers , with a story about the `` new Iraq . '' These days , Abather and his young family are among the hundreds of thousands of Iraqis who have fled in fear for their lives . After months spent dodging insurgents who had targeted them for supporting the Americans , he and Balqes are relieved to have escaped -- and bitter , like thousands of fellow refugees , that the superpower for which they risked their lives has abandoned them . A short man who bundles his shattered body in layers against the desert 's winter chill , the 34 - year - old Abather is polite and relaxed , with an easy smile . An engaging conversationalist even in broken English , he loves to talk about Baghdad , his infant daughter , and his wife , an outspoken woman several years his senior , whom he calls a genius . `` When we met she was a professor at Baghdad University , '' he boasts . `` I was her student . When she walked into a room , hundreds of people would stand to pay her respect . '' Considering that his life savings will run out in two months , that he ca n't work legally in Jordan , and that he could be deported at any moment , Abather is remarkably stoic , though the anxiety leaks out in tics . He chain - smokes cheap Craven A cigarettes , crushing the charred filters in an overflowing ashtray ; when Balqes complains ,
But when they had to run for their lives , America slammed the door . By David Case / Mother Jones On the day the American tanks rolled into Baghdad , Abather Abdul Hussein and his wife , Balqes Abdel Mohammed , threw flowers . Literally . After a lifetime of turmoil and tyranny , the couple fervently believed the invasion would bring peace . Abather joined U.S. `` democratization '' efforts , such as a project to create a governing council for his neighborhood , and he occasionally ended up in the good - news Iraq stories that still seemed plausible in those days ; one U.S. paper ran a five - column photo of him perched on a classroom chair surrounded by American soldiers , with a story about the `` new Iraq . '' These days , Abather and his young family are among the hundreds of thousands of Iraqis who have fled in fear for their lives . After months spent dodging insurgents who had targeted them for supporting the Americans , he and Balqes are relieved to have escaped -- and bitter , like thousands of fellow refugees , that the superpower for which they risked their lives has abandoned them . A short man who bundles his shattered body in layers against the desert 's winter chill , the 34 - year - old Abather is polite and relaxed , with an easy smile . An engaging conversationalist even in broken English , he loves to talk about Baghdad , his infant daughter , and his wife , an outspoken woman several years his senior , whom he calls a genius . `` When we met she was a professor at Baghdad University , '' he boasts . `` I was her student . When she walked into a room , hundreds of people would stand to pay her respect . '' Considering that his life savings will run out in two months , that he ca n't work legally in Jordan , and that he could be deported at any moment , Abather is remarkably stoic , though the anxiety leaks out in tics . He chain - smokes cheap Craven A cigarettes , crushing the charred filters in an overflowing ashtray ; when Balqes complains , he sheepishly offers that `` smoking is my only work . '' It 's not quite true -- his one other job during the past 18 months has been recounting his nightmare , over and over again , to border guards , embassy workers , and aid agencies . In December , he reluctantly told it to me , pulling documents from a worn leather folder to corroborate the details . The story began after the ouster of Saddam , when Abather and Balqes , like many Iraqis , launched a de-Baathification program of their own . Their target was the dean who had been Balqes ' boss at Baghdad University -LRB- and who , as Abather tells it , had forced
After months spent dodging insurgents who had targeted them for supporting the Americans , he and Balqes are relieved to have escaped -- and bitter , like thousands of fellow refugees , that the superpower for which they risked their lives has abandoned them . A short man who bundles his shattered body in layers against the desert 's winter chill , the 34 - year - old Abather is polite and relaxed , with an easy smile . An engaging conversationalist even in broken English , he loves to talk about Baghdad , his infant daughter , and his wife , an outspoken woman several years his senior , whom he calls a genius . `` When we met she was a professor at Baghdad University , '' he boasts . `` I was her student . When she walked into a room , hundreds of people would stand to pay her respect . '' Considering that his life savings will run out in two months , that he ca n't work legally in Jordan , and that he could be deported at any moment , Abather is remarkably stoic , though the anxiety leaks out in tics . He chain - smokes cheap Craven A cigarettes , crushing the charred filters in an overflowing ashtray ; when Balqes complains , he sheepishly offers that `` smoking is my only work . '' It 's not quite true -- his one other job during the past 18 months has been recounting his nightmare , over and over again , to border guards , embassy workers , and aid agencies . In December , he reluctantly told it to me , pulling documents from a worn leather folder to corroborate the details . The story began after the ouster of Saddam , when Abather and Balqes , like many Iraqis , launched a de-Baathification program of their own . Their target was the dean who had been Balqes ' boss at Baghdad University -LRB- and who , as Abather tells it , had forced her out when she resisted joining the Baath Party -RRB- . Balqes wanted her job back ; one day Abather confronted the dean , and tempers flared . American soldiers broke up the brawl , bound Abather 's wrists with a zip tie , and interrogated him . He explained Balqes ' gripe and what the loss of her job had meant for their family , including their 3 - year - old son and Balqes ' 14 - year - old son from a previous marriage -LRB- her first husband had been killed in the Iran - Iraq War -RRB- . Though he held a master 's degree in engineering , Abather had n't been able to get a job in the doldrums of sanctions - era Iraq , so he was scraping together a living repairing watches , his wife and children crammed into
But when he returned to the Jordanian border less than a week later , he was told he could n't reenter the country : Having recently suffered two terrorist attacks , Jordan had enacted a ban on entry for Iraqi men aged 17 to 35 . For two days Abather stood on the highway at the border post , beseeching successive shifts of immigration officials . Finally , a guard promised to send the medicine to his family in Amman if he would just go away . Once again Abather headed back to Baghdad . Driving in Baghdad a few days later , he noticed a bmw -- the Iraqi gangster 's vehicle of choice -- in his rearview mirror , closing in . The car forced him off the road ; armed men blindfolded him and knocked him unconscious . When he woke up , he was in a tiny room , handcuffed to a chair . Masked men came and went , videotaping as they cursed him as a traitor . They whipped him with a steel cable ; six months later , his back was still etched by deep , evenly spaced grooves . `` We 've been searching for you for a year , '' his captors told him . Abather recognized the voice of one man , an acquaintance from Iraqi Village who had seemed to befriend the Americans . `` I 'm sorry your father passed away , '' the man said . Soon , a bearded imam sentenced Abather to decapitation for collaborating with the United States . Abather barely heard the proceedings . `` I was thinking the whole time about my little daughter in Amman . '' He was told he could save himself by spying on the Americans , but he refused . On the eighth day , the men asked if there was anything he wanted before he died ; then they put him on the floor in the back of the bmw and sped off . Suddenly , Abather heard gunshots . The men shouted . The car crashed , and everything went black . He woke up in a hospital bed 60 miles from Baghdad ; Iraqi forces had attacked the bmw and pulled him from the burning wreck . He had a compound fracture in his leg and severe burns all over his body , but the nurses urged him to leave : His captors would be looking for him . His brother -- who had received a ransom note from the kidnappers , complete with a photo of Abather bound and gagged -- brought him back to Baghdad , where doctors fused a piece of plastic onto his shin and grafted skin from his thighs over his wounds . A few weeks later , he was back at the Jordanian border , and this time the guards took pity . The family had n't told Balqes of the kidnapping . But when she saw her disfigured husband ,
She handed me a document outlining Congress ' sole concession to people like Abather and Balqes : visas for up to 50 military translators from Iraq or Afghanistan each year . `` But do n't get their hopes up , '' she added quickly ; there were thousands with the same story . `` This is something Congress really needs to address , '' she said as we parted . The administration certainly does n't seem inclined to take the initiative . Philip A. Frayne , an embassy spokesman in Amman , told me that `` there are no reliable figures '' on how many people have fled Iraq , and that in any case , it was Saddam who drove out `` a large percentage '' of them . Likewise , in its 2006 annual refugee report to Congress , the State Department focused mainly on those Saddam - era exiles , and blithely intoned , `` It is hoped that significant numbers of Iraqi refugees will soon be able to return home , although the security situation will remain an important consideration . '' The report ignored the fact that , according to a survey by the nonprofit U.S. Committee for Refugees , 644,500 new refugees entered Jordan and Syria in 2005 alone . And 2006 will likely be worse . As much as a quarter of greater Amman 's population is now Iraqi , and the crowds have exacerbated the city 's severe water shortage . Prices have skyrocketed . Until recently Iraqi children could n't attend Jordanian schools , and their parents can not legally work ; easily identified by their dialect , Iraqis are discriminated against and terrified of deportation . Some refugees never go outside . Jordanian government spokesman Nasser S. Judeh told me that his country , a staunch U.S. ally and aid recipient , `` certainly needs help , and has held discussions with U.S. diplomats '' about this issue . Incidentally , Human Rights Watch has also called upon the Gulf Arab states to pitch in ; Saudi Arabia 's response so far has been to plan construction of a 560 - mile wall along its border with Iraq . Before I left Jordan , Abather invited me to visit his family and a physician friend from Baghdad who shares their two - room basement apartment . On the Al Zawraa TV channel from Baghdad , we watched U.S. Army vehicles disappear behind roadside bomb blasts as a man sang , `` Let 's go kill the Americans ! '' The channel 's endless stream of anti-American propaganda perplexed Abather and his friends : `` Why does the United States allow this ? '' they inquired . When images of dead children supposedly killed by the Americans hit the screen , Abather 's friend switched to a channel on which voluptuous Arab women danced in an un-Islamic way . Balqes served Iraqi coffee , and to keep the baby from playing with the colorful cups , Abather suspended
He subsequently signed on to Rumsfeld I 's denial of defeat in Vietnam and then , on RMA 's advent , used the concept to evoke ominous fears of a new Kremlin military prowess , justifying the orgy of Pentagon spending that took place during the Reagan era . -LRB- Ironically , of course , Ogarkov in 1982 was arguing for a Russian response to a still largely prospective American escalation of weaponry and warfare . -RRB- While the U.S. armaments spree of the 1980s paid for some new RMA developments , most of the expenditures fit snugly within the corrupt , obtuse old Cold War system , with America 's armed forces tailored to a lumbering Soviet threat in Europe , and no serious anticipation of the neo-insurgency wars that actually lay ahead . As Marshall toyed with `` flexibility '' -- and the Joint Chiefs cherry - picked his conjuring of Moscow 's might for their own budgetary purposes , while ignoring the real import , and limits , of RMA -- the Cold War ended in the equivocations and evasions of Bill Clinton 's two terms in office and the low - rent , self - congratulatory installing of mafia regimes in Bosnia and Kosovo . The gnome - like Marshall , well past retirement but a lionized witness before the missile - threat commission , hung on for Rumsfeld 's return . The resulting history is far too close for much documented detail , though its silhouette is plain enough . Summoning Marshall as soothsayer , Rumsfeld made RMA the logo of his determination to gain managerial dominance over the Joint Chiefs and the Pentagon bureaucracy , exactly the opportunity he thought he had missed 25 years earlier . Under the old banner of a clash between a brave , beleaguered secretary of defense and the recalcitrant brass astride an impossible , `` glandular '' system , he held up the all - purpose , all - seasons ideal of Pentagon `` reform . '' That `` reform '' movement was to be his ultimate takedown , his claim to greatness , and perhaps -- who knew in 2001 -- one last shot at the presidency . Amid the inevitable claims of `` streamlining '' and `` modernizing , '' Democrats applauded and reporters gushed reflexively about Rumsfeld as a celebrity CEO and national quipster . The willing ignorance , denial , careless trust , or craven acquiescence that marked the essential submissiveness of the political and media culture to Rumsfeld 's rule were only part of a larger , thoughtless national abdication of judgment and responsibility in the wars he would propel in both Afghanistan and Iraq . In blindly striking out after 9 / 11 -- a reflexive , grandly opportunistic , richly self - satisfying political act in America -- without seriously understanding the politics or history of either country ,
S did indeed buy herself a Yankees cap and a $ 200 million house and the next senator from New York will be Hillary Clinton . Kelly standing by in New York where it will be a joyous affair . As you announced that Hillary Clinton is calling Hillary Rodham Clinton as the next senator of New York , the crowd behind me burst into cheers , the band started playing , and the party here has begun . To tell you some of the story behind the numbers that will send Hillary Rodham Clinton to the Senate , let me tell you what some of our exit polling data seems to suggest . As far as a gender gap , voters who said they voted for Mrs. Clinton , 58 % of them women , 47 % men . Now on the big issue the people thought would be the heart of this race , the notion that Mrs. Clinton was accused of being a carpet bagger , a woman born in Illinois , made much of her professional life in Arkansas and of course has been living in Washington until last year , voters said 52 % of them , that that issue did not matter to them at all . Also an important constituency for Mrs. Clinton , the Jewish vote . It appears she has earned 58 % of the Jewish vote . This has been a tough race , too , where Rick Lazio , the congressman of eight years from Long Island was accused of being much more tough as a campaigner -- A lot of mud was slung on both sides of this race , but when voters were questioned about that , they said -- 68 % that Mr. Lazio attacked unfairly , and 57 % said Mrs. Clinton did . So that 's some of the picture that makes up the results tonight that sent Hillary Rodham Clinton to Washington . Brian ? All right , Kelly O'Donnell , thank you very much . And about just how this vote went the way it did tonight in New York , Forrest Sawyer standing by with a look behind the numbers , really . Forrest ? A few more of those numbers Kelly was talking about for you to look at , Brian . As
Also an important constituency for Mrs. Clinton , the Jewish vote . It appears she has earned 58 % of the Jewish vote . This has been a tough race , too , where Rick Lazio , the congressman of eight years from Long Island was accused of being much more tough as a campaigner -- A lot of mud was slung on both sides of this race , but when voters were questioned about that , they said -- 68 % that Mr. Lazio attacked unfairly , and 57 % said Mrs. Clinton did . So that 's some of the picture that makes up the results tonight that sent Hillary Rodham Clinton to Washington . Brian ? All right , Kelly O'Donnell , thank you very much . And about just how this vote went the way it did tonight in New York , Forrest Sawyer standing by with a look behind the numbers , really . Forrest ? A few more of those numbers Kelly was talking about for you to look at , Brian . As she mentioned , men and women did split their vote . Let 's look at Jewish voters . New Yorkers know that this was a huge battle over support for Israel and whether the support for Palestine was strong enough . As you look at this , though , Jewish voters went by a big margin for Hillary Clinton . 58 % to Rick Lazio 's 41 % . New Yorkers remember the campaign debate where Rick Lazio walked over to Hillary Clinton and said you 're going to sign this pledge about campaign moneys , you 're going to sign it . That . Was she attacked unfairly , 68 % did say yes . 57 % went for Clinton , and as for Lazio 's voters , a lot of people said this was a campaign about Hillary Clinton . Rick Lazio is this other guy . In fact they asked of his voters , how many voted against Hillary Clinton -- 50 % said we 're voting against her , we 're not voting for Rick Lazio , we 're voting against Senate Hillary , and that shows you that , in fact , as Chris pointed out , she really is a tremendous lightning rod . This campaign was about Hillary Clinton , do you like her or do you not . Scombrort of Hillary Clinton voters were voting for Hillary Clinton , not against Rick Lazio , and on the which one attacked the other more unfairly , the voters said that Lazio attacked Hillary Clinton more unfairly , and that possibly played into the gap in the Jewish vote , which is heavily in favor of Hillary Clinton . In addition to the scene that you mentioned , the debate , where Lazio invaded
Hi everyone . first up on the docket tonight we got an interview with the witness who led investigators to a landfill in the search for Natalee Holloway . He 's telling NBC news what and who he saw just days after Natalee 's May thirtieth disappearance . Also Natalee 's mother met with the lead prosecutor in the investigation today . And while the landfill continues to be searched and lead suspect Joran Van Der Sloot is interrogated for the fourth straight day by a team of behavioral specialists NBC 's Michelle Kosinski remains in Aruba . So Michelle the authorities really believe that uh this witness with regard to the landfill 's credible , do n't they ? Well the authorities including the FBI we found out had checked this witness out early on just days after Natalee disappeared . And we just found out about this witness a couple weeks ago . That 's when his existence became widely known through private investigators and other sources . And it has been reported that he was afraid to come forward . Well it turns out he was just afraid for his identity to be known . but we learned that he came forward very quickly after he says he saw what happened in the landfill that day just days after it happened . He talked to police . He talked to the FBI . The FBI actually went out to that landfill with dogs looked around that area even before it became piled up with garbage . and they did n't find anything . It 's the EquuSearch volunteers who really said hey we believe this guy . His story does n't change . He seems to pan out . He seems to be a lucid guy . He seems to also be insistent that he saw something . So he says he saw some men drive up in a white pickup truck men that he says he later recognized to be the three suspects in this case . He says they took what looked like a body out of the back of the pickup truck . It was wrapped up in a bag . But when the wind blew he says he saw the upper part of a woman 's body blonde hair . and then
And we just found out about this witness a couple weeks ago . That 's when his existence became widely known through private investigators and other sources . And it has been reported that he was afraid to come forward . Well it turns out he was just afraid for his identity to be known . but we learned that he came forward very quickly after he says he saw what happened in the landfill that day just days after it happened . He talked to police . He talked to the FBI . The FBI actually went out to that landfill with dogs looked around that area even before it became piled up with garbage . and they did n't find anything . It 's the EquuSearch volunteers who really said hey we believe this guy . His story does n't change . He seems to pan out . He seems to be a lucid guy . He seems to also be insistent that he saw something . So he says he saw some men drive up in a white pickup truck men that he says he later recognized to be the three suspects in this case . He says they took what looked like a body out of the back of the pickup truck . It was wrapped up in a bag . But when the wind blew he says he saw the upper part of a woman 's body blonde hair . and then he says they buried this body there in the landfill . Well over a period of weeks some ten feet of garbage has piled up . EquuSearch will tell you too that when they bring out dogs it 's very difficult for a dog to catch a scent in that landfill when they 're coming across things like medical waste . but they 're determined to keep going . He saw uh the woman 's body and inside a bag . Her hair was blowing out with the wind . And uh he did n't say this now . but he told that the back kind of came off and he saw half of the woman 's body . One of the most compelling reasons searchers say they believe this guy very much is that they say he gave them some clues as to things they would find buried deep within that garbage around that same area where he claims he saw a body things like a plastic pool . He said that there was a dirt road buried under all that garbage . Well they found those things and a couple of other items that he said would be there . The problem is they just have n't found any sign at all of Natalee Holloway . but they want to clear that place out and just feel satisfied that they looked as best they could because it 's disturbing . I mean
So he says he saw some men drive up in a white pickup truck men that he says he later recognized to be the three suspects in this case . He says they took what looked like a body out of the back of the pickup truck . It was wrapped up in a bag . But when the wind blew he says he saw the upper part of a woman 's body blonde hair . and then he says they buried this body there in the landfill . Well over a period of weeks some ten feet of garbage has piled up . EquuSearch will tell you too that when they bring out dogs it 's very difficult for a dog to catch a scent in that landfill when they 're coming across things like medical waste . but they 're determined to keep going . He saw uh the woman 's body and inside a bag . Her hair was blowing out with the wind . And uh he did n't say this now . but he told that the back kind of came off and he saw half of the woman 's body . One of the most compelling reasons searchers say they believe this guy very much is that they say he gave them some clues as to things they would find buried deep within that garbage around that same area where he claims he saw a body things like a plastic pool . He said that there was a dirt road buried under all that garbage . Well they found those things and a couple of other items that he said would be there . The problem is they just have n't found any sign at all of Natalee Holloway . but they want to clear that place out and just feel satisfied that they looked as best they could because it 's disturbing . I mean his story has panned out in some ways . so they do n't want to give this up . Well that 's the question I have for you Michelle . So are you saying that the authorities uh looked into this guy 's story early on and they kind of pooh - poohed it and then EquuSearch came in a couple weeks later and said wait a sec , wait a sec , let 's give this guy a shot here and they followed up on it ? Yeah pretty much . Uh the witness told us directly that in the beginning he felt like nobody was believing his story . But we talked to a high level source in law enforcement . and it turns out they did check it out . Hm . They sent the FBI out there with a dog . But EquuSearch says hey maybe we can do something more thoroughly here . We can bring out teams of dogs . But here 's the thing . They still have n't found one sign of
And as Michelle reported Natalee 's mother Beth Holloway Twitty met with the lead prosecutor in the investigation this afternoon Karin Janssen where she told Janssen about a girl came forward said she had an encounter with Joran Van Der Sloot the chief suspect . And on our program last night Beth told me the story . A beautiful eighteen year old blonde - headed girl from New Jersey um you know was able to recount an encounter that she had with Joran Van Der Sloot Deepak Kalpoe and Satish Kalpoe during the month of April oh five . And what did
Now i- . Joining me now is the private investigator who has been uh working with Natalee 's family TJ Ward and his associate Harold Phipps . Gentlemen thanks very much uh for coming on the program . +Appreciate it . Thank you . TJ let me start with you on this issue of this woman uh who came up uh to Beth . Have you been able to follow up on that . and how relevant do you think it is ? Uh we have n't followed up with it . Um Beth and I have talked about it . and we will be following up on it uh here shortly . is it relevant ? I mean a lot of my viewers wrote in saying alright so what . this guy 's a pickup artist . how does that really impact the case ? Well it just shows it 's a pattern of um what his activity is when he hangs out at Carlos N' Charlie 's . I mean and trying to pick women up and take them from the bar and whatever he 's doing with them after that . But if there 's no violence associated with that does that help you in the investigation ? Well again we do n't think there was a violent issue with him with Natalee . We think probably +something has happened to Natalee . and they panicked and then went forth and did what they were supposed to do . I mean there 's issues that 's come up . Um um well we feel something happened when Natalee was with them . What do you mean by that ? Either
New York Daily News today reports that jurors are saying there were all sorts of shannanigans going on in the jury room at the Michael Jackson case , that a juror wanted to convict Jackson smuggled in a medical dictionary to prove Jackson fits the definition of a pedophile .
Stacy Brown MSNBC analyst author of Michael Jackson the Man Behind the Mask and a name who keeps popping up with all these books . Stacy are you writing any of these books first of all ? No I 'm not . Alright . But you actually talked to these jurors about writing a book . That 's correct . Alright . and you were approached alright . I was approached . And so they are saying the things that the Daily News reports , are they not ? Well they are saying a lot more than just that . What else they saying ? Um well eh let 's just clear up with the medical book . She did n't actually bring it into the deliberation room . the jurors were meeting . They rendezvoused at a juvenile hall in Santa Maria . and she bought it there . and as they were getting into the van they ordered it to put it back in her car . but she wanted them to understand Ellie Cook this is that this fits Michael to a tee . So
What else they saying ? Um well eh let 's just clear up with the medical book . She did n't actually bring it into the deliberation room . the jurors were meeting . They rendezvoused at a juvenile hall in Santa Maria . and she bought it there . and as they were getting into the van they ordered it to put it back in her car . but she wanted them to understand Ellie Cook this is that this fits Michael to a tee . So she wanted them to know Michael Jackson 's guilty , he 's a pedophile . and then what ? Then she just caved ? She says she was pressured . Think she was threated . and they were threatening to throw her off the jury . Come on . this is the one who 's been wanting to write a book since the beginning , right ? Yeah absolutely . Her granddaughter had put out feelers since she was picked for the jury . What other kind of shannigans were going on back there , do they say ? Well um they mentioned um as you had mentioned in your open about the Court TV video . Someone had apparently taped some Court TV um stuff . and they tried to play it . Uh apparently it was a malfunction in the video tape . Mhm . Well let me give the juror 's explanation for this . And . This is Paula Coccoz . we talked to her today juror number ten . It 's number four . Uh the bailiff brought in a TV with a VCR so we could review the sheriff 's interview . and we went to put in the tape . The tape was marked Court TV . The people at the courthouse had left this tape in the VCR . We told the bailiff about this . and he seemed concerned about whether or not we reviewed the tape . We told them we did n't watch it . We did n't find out until later what was on the tape . Yeah . according to Ellie though someone taped that show . It was n't left there . Um and there was a problem . Now I know that someone else mentioned that there was a problem as well with a VCR . but if you remember well the interview with the sheriff and the young boy was on a disk and not a VCR . And this is number five . Uh this is again the Daily News . That Cook uh admits that she frequently winked at Jackson 's mother um Katherine in court and exchanged wardrobe tips with the entertainer 's mom which resulted in them wearing the same colors on certain days . Ellie Cook talked about that yeah . She mentioned that they would wink and nod at each other . I do n't understand . So on the one hand this juror 's saying I was convinced
Hi everyone . first up on the docket tonight we got an interview with the witness who led investigators to a landfill in the search for Natalee Holloway . He 's telling NBC news what and who he saw just days after Natalee 's May thirtieth disappearance . Also Natalee 's mother met with the lead prosecutor in the investigation today . And while the landfill continues to be searched and lead suspect Joran Van Der Sloot is interrogated for the fourth straight day by a team of behavioral specialists NBC 's Michelle Kosinski remains in Aruba . So Michelle the authorities really believe that uh this witness with regard to the landfill 's credible , do n't they ? Well the authorities including the FBI we found out had checked this witness out early on just days after Natalee disappeared . And we just found out about this witness a couple weeks ago . That 's when his existence became widely known through private investigators and other sources . And it has been reported that he was afraid to come forward . Well it turns out he was just afraid for his identity to be known . but we learned that he came forward very quickly after he says he saw what happened in the landfill that day just days after it happened . He talked to police . He talked to the FBI . The FBI actually went out to that landfill with dogs looked around that area even before it became piled up with garbage . and they did n't find anything . It 's the EquuSearch volunteers who really said hey we believe this guy . His story does n't change . He seems to pan out . He seems to be a lucid guy . He seems to also be insistent that he saw something . So he says he saw some men drive up in a white pickup truck men that he says he later recognized to be the three suspects in this case . He says they took what looked like a body out of the back of the pickup truck . It was wrapped up in a bag . But when the wind blew he says he saw the upper part of a woman 's body blonde hair . and then
And we just found out about this witness a couple weeks ago . That 's when his existence became widely known through private investigators and other sources . And it has been reported that he was afraid to come forward . Well it turns out he was just afraid for his identity to be known . but we learned that he came forward very quickly after he says he saw what happened in the landfill that day just days after it happened . He talked to police . He talked to the FBI . The FBI actually went out to that landfill with dogs looked around that area even before it became piled up with garbage . and they did n't find anything . It 's the EquuSearch volunteers who really said hey we believe this guy . His story does n't change . He seems to pan out . He seems to be a lucid guy . He seems to also be insistent that he saw something . So he says he saw some men drive up in a white pickup truck men that he says he later recognized to be the three suspects in this case . He says they took what looked like a body out of the back of the pickup truck . It was wrapped up in a bag . But when the wind blew he says he saw the upper part of a woman 's body blonde hair . and then he says they buried this body there in the landfill . Well over a period of weeks some ten feet of garbage has piled up . EquuSearch will tell you too that when they bring out dogs it 's very difficult for a dog to catch a scent in that landfill when they 're coming across things like medical waste . but they 're determined to keep going . He saw uh the woman 's body and inside a bag . Her hair was blowing out with the wind . And uh he did n't say this now . but he told that the back kind of came off and he saw half of the woman 's body . One of the most compelling reasons searchers say they believe this guy very much is that they say he gave them some clues as to things they would find buried deep within that garbage around that same area where he claims he saw a body things like a plastic pool . He said that there was a dirt road buried under all that garbage . Well they found those things and a couple of other items that he said would be there . The problem is they just have n't found any sign at all of Natalee Holloway . but they want to clear that place out and just feel satisfied that they looked as best they could because it 's disturbing . I mean
So he says he saw some men drive up in a white pickup truck men that he says he later recognized to be the three suspects in this case . He says they took what looked like a body out of the back of the pickup truck . It was wrapped up in a bag . But when the wind blew he says he saw the upper part of a woman 's body blonde hair . and then he says they buried this body there in the landfill . Well over a period of weeks some ten feet of garbage has piled up . EquuSearch will tell you too that when they bring out dogs it 's very difficult for a dog to catch a scent in that landfill when they 're coming across things like medical waste . but they 're determined to keep going . He saw uh the woman 's body and inside a bag . Her hair was blowing out with the wind . And uh he did n't say this now . but he told that the back kind of came off and he saw half of the woman 's body . One of the most compelling reasons searchers say they believe this guy very much is that they say he gave them some clues as to things they would find buried deep within that garbage around that same area where he claims he saw a body things like a plastic pool . He said that there was a dirt road buried under all that garbage . Well they found those things and a couple of other items that he said would be there . The problem is they just have n't found any sign at all of Natalee Holloway . but they want to clear that place out and just feel satisfied that they looked as best they could because it 's disturbing . I mean his story has panned out in some ways . so they do n't want to give this up . Well that 's the question I have for you Michelle . So are you saying that the authorities uh looked into this guy 's story early on and they kind of pooh - poohed it and then EquuSearch came in a couple weeks later and said wait a sec , wait a sec , let 's give this guy a shot here and they followed up on it ? Yeah pretty much . Uh the witness told us directly that in the beginning he felt like nobody was believing his story . But we talked to a high level source in law enforcement . and it turns out they did check it out . Hm . They sent the FBI out there with a dog . But EquuSearch says hey maybe we can do something more thoroughly here . We can bring out teams of dogs . But here 's the thing . They still have n't found one sign of
And as Michelle reported Natalee 's mother Beth Holloway Twitty met with the lead prosecutor in the investigation this afternoon Karin Janssen where she told Janssen about a girl came forward said she had an encounter with Joran Van Der Sloot the chief suspect . And on our program last night Beth told me the story . A beautiful eighteen year old blonde - headed girl from New Jersey um you know was able to recount an encounter that she had with Joran Van Der Sloot Deepak Kalpoe and Satish Kalpoe during the month of April oh five . And what did
Now i- . Joining me now is the private investigator who has been uh working with Natalee 's family TJ Ward and his associate Harold Phipps . Gentlemen thanks very much uh for coming on the program . +Appreciate it . Thank you . TJ let me start with you on this issue of this woman uh who came up uh to Beth . Have you been able to follow up on that . and how relevant do you think it is ? Uh we have n't followed up with it . Um Beth and I have talked about it . and we will be following up on it uh here shortly . is it relevant ? I mean a lot of my viewers wrote in saying alright so what . this guy 's a pickup artist . how does that really impact the case ? Well it just shows it 's a pattern of um what his activity is when he hangs out at Carlos N' Charlie 's . I mean and trying to pick women up and take them from the bar and whatever he 's doing with them after that . But if there 's no violence associated with that does that help you in the investigation ? Well again we do n't think there was a violent issue with him with Natalee . We think probably +something has happened to Natalee . and they panicked and then went forth and did what they were supposed to do . I mean there 's issues that 's come up . Um um well we feel something happened when Natalee was with them . What do you mean by that ? Either
New York Daily News today reports that jurors are saying there were all sorts of shannanigans going on in the jury room at the Michael Jackson case , that a juror wanted to convict Jackson smuggled in a medical dictionary to prove Jackson fits the definition of a pedophile .
Stacy Brown MSNBC analyst author of Michael Jackson the Man Behind the Mask and a name who keeps popping up with all these books . Stacy are you writing any of these books first of all ? No I 'm not . Alright . But you actually talked to these jurors about writing a book . That 's correct . Alright . and you were approached alright . I was approached . And so they are saying the things that the Daily News reports , are they not ? Well they are saying a lot more than just that . What else they saying ? Um well eh let 's just clear up with the medical book . She did n't actually bring it into the deliberation room . the jurors were meeting . They rendezvoused at a juvenile hall in Santa Maria . and she bought it there . and as they were getting into the van they ordered it to put it back in her car . but she wanted them to understand Ellie Cook this is that this fits Michael to a tee . So
What else they saying ? Um well eh let 's just clear up with the medical book . She did n't actually bring it into the deliberation room . the jurors were meeting . They rendezvoused at a juvenile hall in Santa Maria . and she bought it there . and as they were getting into the van they ordered it to put it back in her car . but she wanted them to understand Ellie Cook this is that this fits Michael to a tee . So she wanted them to know Michael Jackson 's guilty , he 's a pedophile . and then what ? Then she just caved ? She says she was pressured . Think she was threated . and they were threatening to throw her off the jury . Come on . this is the one who 's been wanting to write a book since the beginning , right ? Yeah absolutely . Her granddaughter had put out feelers since she was picked for the jury . What other kind of shannigans were going on back there , do they say ? Well um they mentioned um as you had mentioned in your open about the Court TV video . Someone had apparently taped some Court TV um stuff . and they tried to play it . Uh apparently it was a malfunction in the video tape . Mhm . Well let me give the juror 's explanation for this . And . This is Paula Coccoz . we talked to her today juror number ten . It 's number four . Uh the bailiff brought in a TV with a VCR so we could review the sheriff 's interview . and we went to put in the tape . The tape was marked Court TV . The people at the courthouse had left this tape in the VCR . We told the bailiff about this . and he seemed concerned about whether or not we reviewed the tape . We told them we did n't watch it . We did n't find out until later what was on the tape . Yeah . according to Ellie though someone taped that show . It was n't left there . Um and there was a problem . Now I know that someone else mentioned that there was a problem as well with a VCR . but if you remember well the interview with the sheriff and the young boy was on a disk and not a VCR . And this is number five . Uh this is again the Daily News . That Cook uh admits that she frequently winked at Jackson 's mother um Katherine in court and exchanged wardrobe tips with the entertainer 's mom which resulted in them wearing the same colors on certain days . Ellie Cook talked about that yeah . She mentioned that they would wink and nod at each other . I do n't understand . So on the one hand this juror 's saying I was convinced
is it possible that all they said to Dobson behind closed doors is she 's a very religious woman . . uh she takes her faith very seriously . it 's a dominant part of her life . and keep that in mind my friend ? I mean something like that was said . . let 's assume that 's what was said . You know that 's quite possible although if that 's all that was said you would have thought he would have said that by now . But the fact is not only should he be asked but Karl Rove should be asked what information he gave to people like Dobson . and frankly one of the key things is this is an advisor a person who 's known the President for more than a decade and he made a decision based on what he knows about her . That means even more important than Dobson or Rove testifying is
is it possible that all they said to Dobson behind closed doors is she 's a very religious woman . . uh she takes her faith very seriously . it 's a dominant part of her life . and keep that in mind my friend ? I mean something like that was said . . let 's assume that 's what was said . You know that 's quite possible although if that 's all that was said you would have thought he would have said that by now . But the fact is not only should he be asked but Karl Rove should be asked what information he gave to people like Dobson . and frankly one of the key things is this is an advisor a person who 's known the President for more than a decade and he made a decision based on what he knows about her . That means even more important than Dobson or Rove testifying is her testifying in a straightforwrad way what both Republicans and Democrats want to know . But look that 's not going to happen all right . Look all right all right but that 's a nice theory . it 's not going to happen . I can promise you that . I promise you
is it possible that all they said to Dobson behind closed doors is she 's a very religious woman . . uh she takes her faith very seriously . it 's a dominant part of her life . and keep that in mind my friend ? I mean something like that was said . . let 's assume that 's what was said . You know that 's quite possible although if that 's all that was said you would have thought he would have said that by now . But the fact is not only should he be asked but Karl Rove should be asked what information he gave to people like Dobson . and frankly one of the key things is this is an advisor a person who 's known the President for more than a decade and he made a decision based on what he knows about her . That means even more important than Dobson or Rove testifying is her testifying in a straightforwrad way what both Republicans and Democrats want to know . But look that 's not going to happen all right . Look all right all right but that 's a nice theory . it 's not going to happen . I can promise you that . I promise you she will not answer the questions that you want answered . I mean it wo n't happen . If you 're right about that , if you 're right about that . Of course I 'm ? I would n't be surprised for the first time to see Republican and Democratic senators unite and say we need to know more about the nominee . look that may happen . but anyone who 's now claiming that they expect to get the answers from Miers in the confirmation hearing , that 's going to somehow uh assure them one way or the other are just grandstanding because they know they 're not going to get it . Come on . you know you 're not getting the answers . she ca n't say how she 's going to vote in a particular case . and Elliot you know the fact of the matter is that the President gets to make the nomination . Whether
Coming up , the families of three people allegedly murdered by a convicted sex offender will sue another county for letting him out on bail . As sad as it is as a legal matter I 'm not sure they 've got a case . Coming up . We 're back with the horrible story of Joseph Duncan charged with bludgeoning Brenda Groney
Last week police found the body of Virginia college student Taylor Biehl . Still no charges have been filed against the key suspect .
Last week police found the body of Virginia college student Taylor Biehl . Still no charges have been filed against the key suspect . Her father joins us next . And Richmond police also looking for another teenage girl Monica Sharp went out for a walk with her dog weeks ago . Her dog came home . she did not . Plus the battle over Harriet Miers ' Supreme Court nomination . Evangelical Christian leader James Dobson says Bush advisor Karl Rove told him something that makes him comfortable with Miers . Do n't the rest of us deserve to know what
Last week police found the body of Virginia college student Taylor Biehl . Still no charges have been filed against the key suspect . Her father joins us next . And Richmond police also looking for another teenage girl Monica Sharp went out for a walk with her dog weeks ago . Her dog came home . she did not . Plus the battle over Harriet Miers ' Supreme Court nomination . Evangelical Christian leader James Dobson says Bush advisor Karl Rove told him something that makes him comfortable with Miers . Do n't the rest of us deserve to know what he knows ? Your email MSNBC dot com . Please include your name where you 're writing from . Our repsonse at the end of the show . The only suspect in the Taylor Biehl murder case behind bars but yet to be charged with any crime in this case . Taylor last seen leaving her dorm room at Virginia Commonwealth University the night of September fifth . Her remains were found last Thursday in Matthews County Virgina about seventy miles from Richmond . The police ended up there after the ex-girlfriend of the chief suspect identified the area from the photograph . The suspect thirty eight year old Benjamin Folly . He admits to having a sexual relationship with Taylor says
And uh what happened at that meeting ? Well I was dropping Taylor off . Um she was actually staying in that uh townhouse with the friend that she knew from Madison high school where she graduated from . and him and his girlfriend lived there . and Ben Folly was their roommate . And frankly I did n't get a sense of urgency at that point because I had no idea of his age and thought he was just a student at the school . So it was a very brief meeting at that . about ten or fifteen minutes yeah . Um all right now that you know so much more have you heard anything from the authorities about uh if and when , they 're going to charge him in connection with this case ? No uh it 's my information that they are still processing um evidence from the crime scene as well as evidence from Taylor 's body . Um you know like from the beginning it seems to me that this guy had to be the chief su- ? this silliness about he was kidnapped on the same night that she went missing etcetera . have you gotten the impression uh that from the beginning that he was the one they were looking at ? Well I do n't know if he 's the only one that they 're looking at or if there 's other people that they 're looking at . Certainly my presumption is that he would be considered uh a primary suspect . Yeah and here 's what the police chief uh said about it uh on Thursday . A dog tracked a scent from her car to uh a gentleman 's uh named Jesse Schultz . And it seems very coincidental and suspicious to me . and I think the authorities are looking into any connection there . All right that was n't the piece of sound I was looking for . and George Peterson is the attorney um for Taylor 's mother . He 's speaking there . what he had said was we certainly believe that strongest suspect uh they already have in custody . He was talking there about someone else who apparently has been cleared um as a suspect uh in this case . Um tell me about the rest of family . uh is there some level of um you know . I hate the word closure because it always makes it seem like it 's over when it 's not and the pain continues . . but was there a sense of relief closure I do n't know what the word is to use when you heard that finally they had found Taylor ? For me there was . it was um you know rather than sitting around waiting for a phone call or waiting for
And uh what happened at that meeting ? Well I was dropping Taylor off . Um she was actually staying in that uh townhouse with the friend that she knew from Madison high school where she graduated from . and him and his girlfriend lived there . and Ben Folly was their roommate . And frankly I did n't get a sense of urgency at that point because I had no idea of his age and thought he was just a student at the school . So it was a very brief meeting at that . about ten or fifteen minutes yeah . Um all right now that you know so much more have you heard anything from the authorities about uh if and when , they 're going to charge him in connection with this case ? No uh it 's my information that they are still processing um evidence from the crime scene as well as evidence from Taylor 's body . Um you know like from the beginning it seems to me that this guy had to be the chief su- ? this silliness about he was kidnapped on the same night that she went missing etcetera . have you gotten the impression uh that from the beginning that he was the one they were looking at ? Well I do n't know if he 's the only one that they 're looking at or if there 's other people that they 're looking at . Certainly my presumption is that he would be considered uh a primary suspect . Yeah and here 's what the police chief uh said about it uh on Thursday . A dog tracked a scent from her car to uh a gentleman 's uh named Jesse Schultz . And it seems very coincidental and suspicious to me . and I think the authorities are looking into any connection there . All right that was n't the piece of sound I was looking for . and George Peterson is the attorney um for Taylor 's mother . He 's speaking there . what he had said was we certainly believe that strongest suspect uh they already have in custody . He was talking there about someone else who apparently has been cleared um as a suspect uh in this case . Um tell me about the rest of family . uh is there some level of um you know . I hate the word closure because it always makes it seem like it 's over when it 's not and the pain continues . . but was there a sense of relief closure I do n't know what the word is to use when you heard that finally they had found Taylor ? For me there was . it was um you know rather than sitting around waiting for a phone call or waiting for her to call us or wondering why she had n't called her mother or I . Um it was closing that . at least we knew where
Monica has a personal webpage appears to have last logged on to it two days after she went missing . Joining me now on the phone is Linda Sharp Monica 's mother . Uh Ms. sharpe I say the same thing to you . uh I know this is a very tough time for you . so I thank you for taking the time . Um tell us what you know uh about this gentleman who you think that uh your daughter is with . Really we do n't really know anything about him . We just know that he 's fifty seven . apparently he had an Illinois driver 's license but does not necessarily reside there . Um and we do n't know anything about him . Um why are the authorities do you think so confident uh that she is with him ? I think that they were seen together in Richmond um either Monday or Tuesday . Uh she was missing on a Sunday . and I think Monday or Tuesday she was seen in Richmond with him . and the person who observed them called the police . You know so it was a tip to the police . And is the belief that they met online somehow and set up a meeting ? Yes yes . Well well yes I think the belief is that they met online . and um you know they have taken all that information off our computer . and we have seen small portions of the conversations that they had together some of which indicate that they were planning to meet . but there was no indication that they were planning to meet that Sunday morning . So in other words you know when she woke up went out and walked her dog she did n't take anything with her like keys her purse her money or clothing you know or anything like that . So you know we do realize that there are these um transcripts of some conversations that they had but apparently nothing that indicated that that morning they were planning to meet . any of Monica 's friends able to provide any other information ? No we have talked to everyone . and they are stunned because you know she saw them every day , she talked to them but she did n't say anything about this . All right well look this is one of these cases where we do n't just have to look back where we can actually look forward and hope that someone has seen her and can call the authorities . That 's why um Linda 's taken the time to came on the program . Eight oh four six four six six seven six four that 's the number uh if you 've seen her . and we showed you the picture um of the man that
Coming up , some senators want to know what White House advisor Karl Rove told this man to make him so comfortable with Supreme Court nominee Harriet Miers even though many of
In my interviews with any judge I never ask their personal opinion on the subject of abortion . Uh not to my recollection have I ever sat down with her . What I have done is understand the type of person
In my interviews with any judge I never ask their personal opinion on the subject of abortion . Uh not to my recollection have I ever sat down with her . What I have done is understand the type of person she is and the type of judge she will be . With so many unanswered questions circulating about President Bush 's Supreme Court nominee Harriet Miers ' position on some of the most controversial issues it seems one person believes he 's got the answers . James Dobson founder of the conservative Evangelical group Focus On The Family said last week on his radio show that he 's got some inside info . and you 'll have to trust me on this one when you know some of the things that I know that I probably should n't know uh that take me in this direction you will understand why I have um said that I believe Harriet Miers will be a good justice . And John if I have made a mistake here I will never forget it . The blood of those babies that will die will be on my hands to some degree . Dobson admitted during the same broadcast last week that he had numerous conversations with Bush advisor Karl Rove about the Miers nomination . Both Democrats and Republicans at least some of them are calling on Dobson to come before the Senate Judiciary Committee and reveal what he was told . If there are back room assurances and if there 're back room deals and if there are something which bears upon a pre-condition as to uh how a nominee is going to vote I think that 's uh a matter that ought to be known by the Judiciary Committee and the American peop- . If uh Dr. Dobson knows something uh that uh he should n't know or something that I ought to know I 'm going to find out . Remember Arlen Specter of course is a uh pro-choice Republican . The question should Dobson be forced to tell the Senate what information he 's got on Miers . If
Joining us now to answer some of those questions Jay Sekulow the Conservative American Center for Law and Justice and Elliot Minkford legal director for the Liberal People for the American Way . All right uh gentlemen thanks very much uh for coming on . Jay do you have any problems uh with forcing Dobson to come in and say who told you this and what did Rove say to you ? Well look the Senate has subpoena power . they could ask him to come in voluntarily . They could ask him to come in through a subpoena . They can also which will probably happen through the investigative process that 's probably under way as we speak Dan find out about this information . But let me tell you something . and as someone that 's been very involved in this process of judicial selection and someone 's worked with the White House I had no assurances given . and I ca n't imagine that uh Jim Dobson did either . I think some of the things that he 's talking about and I think this will come out in due course are the statements that were made by Nathan Hecht her friend who 's of course a justice on the Texas Supreme Court which was on the news um right immediately after the nomination . so there was n't any great surprise there . I ca n't imagine uh that uh Karl Rove or anyone else at the White House gave information . Which is what ? Uh they talked about that
Joining us now to answer some of those questions Jay Sekulow the Conservative American Center for Law and Justice and Elliot Minkford legal director for the Liberal People for the American Way . All right uh gentlemen thanks very much uh for coming on . Jay do you have any problems uh with forcing Dobson to come in and say who told you this and what did Rove say to you ? Well look the Senate has subpoena power . they could ask him to come in voluntarily . They could ask him to come in through a subpoena . They can also which will probably happen through the investigative process that 's probably under way as we speak Dan find out about this information . But let me tell you something . and as someone that 's been very involved in this process of judicial selection and someone 's worked with the White House I had no assurances given . and I ca n't imagine that uh Jim Dobson did either . I think some of the things that he 's talking about and I think this will come out in due course are the statements that were made by Nathan Hecht her friend who 's of course a justice on the Texas Supreme Court which was on the news um right immediately after the nomination . so there was n't any great surprise there . I ca n't imagine uh that uh Karl Rove or anyone else at the White House gave information . Which is what ? Uh they talked about that she attended a church . it was her faith based committments . uh that 's what Nathan Hecht talked about . and talked about that
Joining us now to answer some of those questions Jay Sekulow the Conservative American Center for Law and Justice and Elliot Minkford legal director for the Liberal People for the American Way . All right uh gentlemen thanks very much uh for coming on . Jay do you have any problems uh with forcing Dobson to come in and say who told you this and what did Rove say to you ? Well look the Senate has subpoena power . they could ask him to come in voluntarily . They could ask him to come in through a subpoena . They can also which will probably happen through the investigative process that 's probably under way as we speak Dan find out about this information . But let me tell you something . and as someone that 's been very involved in this process of judicial selection and someone 's worked with the White House I had no assurances given . and I ca n't imagine that uh Jim Dobson did either . I think some of the things that he 's talking about and I think this will come out in due course are the statements that were made by Nathan Hecht her friend who 's of course a justice on the Texas Supreme Court which was on the news um right immediately after the nomination . so there was n't any great surprise there . I ca n't imagine uh that uh Karl Rove or anyone else at the White House gave information . Which is what ? Uh they talked about that she attended a church . it was her faith based committments . uh that 's what Nathan Hecht talked about . and talked about that she 's a conservative . But look no one knows how this woman 's going to vote on a particular case . I do agree with the President that we know
She 's back where she belongs . That 's all that matters . I 'm free . I 'm free . I can walk outside the door anytime I want . I can walk down the street . I did n't think anybody cared because he would tell me your case is dead . It 's cold . I knew right away as soon as I seen the eyes . And to me
She 's back where she belongs . That 's all that matters . I 'm free . I 'm free . I can walk outside the door anytime I want . I can walk down the street . I did n't think anybody cared because he would tell me your case is dead . It 's cold . I knew right away as soon as I seen the eyes . And to me she has n't changed . We 'll just pick up right where we left off . Do n't leave your mom and dad . If you do n't think they love you then ? When somebody tells you they do n't love you say yes they do . I did n't know that . I did n't think they did . Well we never stopped loving you . I did n't know that . My dad loves me . and I love
She 's back where she belongs . That 's all that matters . I 'm free . I 'm free . I can walk outside the door anytime I want . I can walk down the street . I did n't think anybody cared because he would tell me your case is dead . It 's cold . I knew right away as soon as I seen the eyes . And to me she has n't changed . We 'll just pick up right where we left off . Do n't leave your mom and dad . If you do n't think they love you then ? When somebody tells you they do n't love you say yes they do . I did n't know that . I did n't think they did . Well we never stopped loving you . I did n't know that . My dad loves me . and I love him . And I always did . Girl goes missing in Pittsburgh when she 's fourteen . Now ten years later goes into a local deli mart and tells the owner that she 's been held captive for the last ten years . Locked in a bedroom about two miles from her childhood home and only recently allowed out . Tanya Kach who had been going by the name Nickie said she ran away from home in eighth grade when she fell in love with a security guard in
She 's back where she belongs . That 's all that matters . I 'm free . I 'm free . I can walk outside the door anytime I want . I can walk down the street . I did n't think anybody cared because he would tell me your case is dead . It 's cold . I knew right away as soon as I seen the eyes . And to me she has n't changed . We 'll just pick up right where we left off . Do n't leave your mom and dad . If you do n't think they love you then ? When somebody tells you they do n't love you say yes they do . I did n't know that . I did n't think they did . Well we never stopped loving you . I did n't know that . My dad loves me . and I love him . And I always did . Girl goes missing in Pittsburgh when she 's fourteen . Now ten years later goes into a local deli mart and tells the owner that she 's been held captive for the last ten years . Locked in a bedroom about two miles from her childhood home and only recently allowed out . Tanya Kach who had been going by the name Nickie said she ran away from home in eighth grade when she fell in love with a security guard in her middle school more than twice
She 's back where she belongs . That 's all that matters . I 'm free . I 'm free . I can walk outside the door anytime I want . I can walk down the street . I did n't think anybody cared because he would tell me your case is dead . It 's cold . I knew right away as soon as I seen the eyes . And to me she has n't changed . We 'll just pick up right where we left off . Do n't leave your mom and dad . If you do n't think they love you then ? When somebody tells you they do n't love you say yes they do . I did n't know that . I did n't think they did . Well we never stopped loving you . I did n't know that . My dad loves me . and I love him . And I always did . Girl goes missing in Pittsburgh when she 's fourteen . Now ten years later goes into a local deli mart and tells the owner that she 's been held captive for the last ten years . Locked in a bedroom about two miles from her childhood home and only recently allowed out . Tanya Kach who had been going by the name Nickie said she ran away from home in eighth grade when she fell in love with a security guard in her middle school more than twice her age . The two were secretly quote dating . and
She 's back where she belongs . That 's all that matters . I 'm free . I 'm free . I can walk outside the door anytime I want . I can walk down the street . I did n't think anybody cared because he would tell me your case is dead . It 's cold . I knew right away as soon as I seen the eyes . And to me she has n't changed . We 'll just pick up right where we left off . Do n't leave your mom and dad . If you do n't think they love you then ? When somebody tells you they do n't love you say yes they do . I did n't know that . I did n't think they did . Well we never stopped loving you . I did n't know that . My dad loves me . and I love him . And I always did . Girl goes missing in Pittsburgh when she 's fourteen . Now ten years later goes into a local deli mart and tells the owner that she 's been held captive for the last ten years . Locked in a bedroom about two miles from her childhood home and only recently allowed out . Tanya Kach who had been going by the name Nickie said she ran away from home in eighth grade when she fell in love with a security guard in her middle school more than twice her age . The two were secretly quote dating . and she says the man Thomas Hose convinced
She 's back where she belongs . That 's all that matters . I 'm free . I 'm free . I can walk outside the door anytime I want . I can walk down the street . I did n't think anybody cared because he would tell me your case is dead . It 's cold . I knew right away as soon as I seen the eyes . And to me she has n't changed . We 'll just pick up right where we left off . Do n't leave your mom and dad . If you do n't think they love you then ? When somebody tells you they do n't love you say yes they do . I did n't know that . I did n't think they did . Well we never stopped loving you . I did n't know that . My dad loves me . and I love him . And I always did . Girl goes missing in Pittsburgh when she 's fourteen . Now ten years later goes into a local deli mart and tells the owner that she 's been held captive for the last ten years . Locked in a bedroom about two miles from her childhood home and only recently allowed out . Tanya Kach who had been going by the name Nickie said she ran away from home in eighth grade when she fell in love with a security guard in her middle school more than twice her age . The two were secretly quote dating . and she says the man Thomas Hose convinced her that she should come live with him at his house . Once she disappeared from her family Kach says Hose locked
Joining me now is Karen Wells from affiliate WPXI who interviewed Tanya Kach and her father yesterday and James Eckert who is Thomas Hose 's attorney . um Thanks to both of you for coming on the program . I appreciate it . All right before I get to Mr. Eckert uh Karen if you can lay out the story for us a little bit . I mean you spoke to
Joining me now is Karen Wells from affiliate WPXI who interviewed Tanya Kach and her father yesterday and James Eckert who is Thomas Hose 's attorney . um Thanks to both of you for coming on the program . I appreciate it . All right before I get to Mr. Eckert uh Karen if you can lay out the story for us a little bit . I mean you spoke to her . You spoke to her father . um You know she 's saying that this was perfectly clear what happened that she goes home with this guy at age fourteen and then he effectively locks her in the home . That 's what she says . She says she did n't feel like she was loved at home . Her parents were going through a divorce . And um she said this man told
um Thanks to both of you for coming on the program . I appreciate it . All right before I get to Mr. Eckert uh Karen if you can lay out the story for us a little bit . I mean you spoke to her . You spoke to her father . um You know she 's saying that this was perfectly clear what happened that she goes home with this guy at age fourteen and then he effectively locks her in the home . That 's what she says . She says she did n't feel like she was loved at home . Her parents were going through a divorce . And um she said this man told her he would love her and take care of her . And she says for the next four years she was locked in a bedroom . So why did it take her so long to come forward ? Well I tried to press her on that . and she said that um she feels she was brainwashed . um She felt ? He threatened her she said . He threatened to kill her if she tried to leave . uh He said her case was a cold case . Nobody cared about her anymore . um So she just felt like she had no other choice but to stay there . I asked her if she was physically or sexually abused . She said no . uh She said he did take care of her . He bought her things . um If you look at the video of her you know she has her nails done . her hair 's done . She had nice clothing on . so um certainly not someone you would think was locked in a bedroom for ten years . But let 's be clear about something . You said she was n't sexually abused . But she does say she had sex with him when she was a child , right ? Yes and under the law that would be a crime . Right . You 're not allowed to have sex with a person who 's fourteen years old . um When she says sexually abused I guess she does n't consider it rape . I do n't know . Okay . uh I just wanted to be clear because you know if you 're having sex with a fourteen year old girl you know uh that 's against the law . That 's against the law . uh James Eckert um let 's go though this . uh I know that your position is that uh this woman was not forced uh to be there . Did she live in the house since she was fourteen ? Dan you know as well as I do ? and I respect you for that question . But I 'm certainly not going to go into facts like that as to whether
I mean you spoke to her . You spoke to her father . um You know she 's saying that this was perfectly clear what happened that she goes home with this guy at age fourteen and then he effectively locks her in the home . That 's what she says . She says she did n't feel like she was loved at home . Her parents were going through a divorce . And um she said this man told her he would love her and take care of her . And she says for the next four years she was locked in a bedroom . So why did it take her so long to come forward ? Well I tried to press her on that . and she said that um she feels she was brainwashed . um She felt ? He threatened her she said . He threatened to kill her if she tried to leave . uh He said her case was a cold case . Nobody cared about her anymore . um So she just felt like she had no other choice but to stay there . I asked her if she was physically or sexually abused . She said no . uh She said he did take care of her . He bought her things . um If you look at the video of her you know she has her nails done . her hair 's done . She had nice clothing on . so um certainly not someone you would think was locked in a bedroom for ten years . But let 's be clear about something . You said she was n't sexually abused . But she does say she had sex with him when she was a child , right ? Yes and under the law that would be a crime . Right . You 're not allowed to have sex with a person who 's fourteen years old . um When she says sexually abused I guess she does n't consider it rape . I do n't know . Okay . uh I just wanted to be clear because you know if you 're having sex with a fourteen year old girl you know uh that 's against the law . That 's against the law . uh James Eckert um let 's go though this . uh I know that your position is that uh this woman was not forced uh to be there . Did she live in the house since she was fourteen ? Dan you know as well as I do ? and I respect you for that question . But I 'm certainly not going to go into facts like that as to whether she lived there or she did n't live there . you know as well as I do there 's two sides to every story . And this is the side you hear from what you just heard and
I did n't know that . I did n't know that you did n't want to talk about that at all . um Will you say anything about how he knew her ? No uh the only thing I can tell you is that it would appear to me that at no time whatsoever was
I did n't know that . I did n't know that you did n't want to talk about that at all . um Will you say anything about how he knew her ? No uh the only thing I can tell you is that it would appear to me that at no time whatsoever was she a prisoner . If she had been a prisoner in any way shape or form I 'm sure the Allegheny County police would have charged him with those charges . He has never been charged with anything like that . The only charges against him were four counts of uh sexual situations . And uh frankly from the time she was eighteen that 's an adult in this state of Pennsylvania she could have walked away done anything she wanted to do . She did go out . She did ? You saw how she looked . And uh she was never a prisoner in any way shape or form . She could have four or five years ago done whatever she wanted to do . Suddenly this wonderful story of hers comes out which I assume will be made into a book someday . you know but you 're sort of mocking
I did n't know that . I did n't know that you did n't want to talk about that at all . um Will you say anything about how he knew her ? No uh the only thing I can tell you is that it would appear to me that at no time whatsoever was she a prisoner . If she had been a prisoner in any way shape or form I 'm sure the Allegheny County police would have charged him with those charges . He has never been charged with anything like that . The only charges against him were four counts of uh sexual situations . And uh frankly from the time she was eighteen that 's an adult in this state of Pennsylvania she could have walked away done anything she wanted to do . She did go out . She did ? You saw how she looked . And uh she was never a prisoner in any way shape or form . She could have four or five years ago done whatever she wanted to do . Suddenly this wonderful story of hers comes out which I assume will be made into a book someday . you know but you 're sort of mocking her . but yet if he was having sex with her from the time she was fourteen you know there is something about that where you could say that he really messed this girl up . Well if I said with you Dan that he did have sex with her that 's true . But I 'm not saying that . nor would I say that . Right no I 'm not ? And I think if you were representing him you would n't be saying it either . and you know that . Well but you are sort of attacking
I did n't know that . I did n't know that you did n't want to talk about that at all . um Will you say anything about how he knew her ? No uh the only thing I can tell you is that it would appear to me that at no time whatsoever was she a prisoner . If she had been a prisoner in any way shape or form I 'm sure the Allegheny County police would have charged him with those charges . He has never been charged with anything like that . The only charges against him were four counts of uh sexual situations . And uh frankly from the time she was eighteen that 's an adult in this state of Pennsylvania she could have walked away done anything she wanted to do . She did go out . She did ? You saw how she looked . And uh she was never a prisoner in any way shape or form . She could have four or five years ago done whatever she wanted to do . Suddenly this wonderful story of hers comes out which I assume will be made into a book someday . you know but you 're sort of mocking her . but yet if he was having sex with her from the time she was fourteen you know there is something about that where you could say that he really messed this girl up . Well if I said with you Dan that he did have sex with her that 's true . But I 'm not saying that . nor would I say that . Right no I 'm not ? And I think if you were representing him you would n't be saying it either . and you know that . Well but you are sort of attacking her by saying if she wanted to go she could have gone and this and that and she looked ? And then you 're saying well but I 'm not going to comment on whether he ruined her life before that . I said certainly if any part of this were true from the time
I did n't know that . I did n't know that you did n't want to talk about that at all . um Will you say anything about how he knew her ? No uh the only thing I can tell you is that it would appear to me that at no time whatsoever was she a prisoner . If she had been a prisoner in any way shape or form I 'm sure the Allegheny County police would have charged him with those charges . He has never been charged with anything like that . The only charges against him were four counts of uh sexual situations . And uh frankly from the time she was eighteen that 's an adult in this state of Pennsylvania she could have walked away done anything she wanted to do . She did go out . She did ? You saw how she looked . And uh she was never a prisoner in any way shape or form . She could have four or five years ago done whatever she wanted to do . Suddenly this wonderful story of hers comes out which I assume will be made into a book someday . you know but you 're sort of mocking her . but yet if he was having sex with her from the time she was fourteen you know there is something about that where you could say that he really messed this girl up . Well if I said with you Dan that he did have sex with her that 's true . But I 'm not saying that . nor would I say that . Right no I 'm not ? And I think if you were representing him you would n't be saying it either . and you know that . Well but you are sort of attacking her by saying if she wanted to go she could have gone and this and that and she looked ? And then you 're saying well but I 'm not going to comment on whether he ruined her life before that . I said certainly if any part of this were true from the time she was eighteen years old until the time she was twenty four . Now she looks very mature for her age as you just saw and heard . There 's no question in my mind
I did n't know that . I did n't know that you did n't want to talk about that at all . um Will you say anything about how he knew her ? No uh the only thing I can tell you is that it would appear to me that at no time whatsoever was she a prisoner . If she had been a prisoner in any way shape or form I 'm sure the Allegheny County police would have charged him with those charges . He has never been charged with anything like that . The only charges against him were four counts of uh sexual situations . And uh frankly from the time she was eighteen that 's an adult in this state of Pennsylvania she could have walked away done anything she wanted to do . She did go out . She did ? You saw how she looked . And uh she was never a prisoner in any way shape or form . She could have four or five years ago done whatever she wanted to do . Suddenly this wonderful story of hers comes out which I assume will be made into a book someday . you know but you 're sort of mocking her . but yet if he was having sex with her from the time she was fourteen you know there is something about that where you could say that he really messed this girl up . Well if I said with you Dan that he did have sex with her that 's true . But I 'm not saying that . nor would I say that . Right no I 'm not ? And I think if you were representing him you would n't be saying it either . and you know that . Well but you are sort of attacking her by saying if she wanted to go she could have gone and this and that and she looked ? And then you 're saying well but I 'm not going to comment on whether he ruined her life before that . I said certainly if any part of this were true from the time she was eighteen years old until the time she was twenty four . Now she looks very mature for her age as you just saw and heard . There 's no question in my mind she could have done anything she wanted . As a matter of fact this relationship she suddenly has with her father ?
I did n't know that . I did n't know that you did n't want to talk about that at all . um Will you say anything about how he knew her ? No uh the only thing I can tell you is that it would appear to me that at no time whatsoever was she a prisoner . If she had been a prisoner in any way shape or form I 'm sure the Allegheny County police would have charged him with those charges . He has never been charged with anything like that . The only charges against him were four counts of uh sexual situations . And uh frankly from the time she was eighteen that 's an adult in this state of Pennsylvania she could have walked away done anything she wanted to do . She did go out . She did ? You saw how she looked . And uh she was never a prisoner in any way shape or form . She could have four or five years ago done whatever she wanted to do . Suddenly this wonderful story of hers comes out which I assume will be made into a book someday . you know but you 're sort of mocking her . but yet if he was having sex with her from the time she was fourteen you know there is something about that where you could say that he really messed this girl up . Well if I said with you Dan that he did have sex with her that 's true . But I 'm not saying that . nor would I say that . Right no I 'm not ? And I think if you were representing him you would n't be saying it either . and you know that . Well but you are sort of attacking her by saying if she wanted to go she could have gone and this and that and she looked ? And then you 're saying well but I 'm not going to comment on whether he ruined her life before that . I said certainly if any part of this were true from the time she was eighteen years old until the time she was twenty four . Now she looks very mature for her age as you just saw and heard . There 's no question in my mind she could have done anything she wanted . As a matter of fact this relationship she suddenly has with her father ? She left him on several occasions and ran away from him from what I understand .
I did n't know that . I did n't know that you did n't want to talk about that at all . um Will you say anything about how he knew her ? No uh the only thing I can tell you is that it would appear to me that at no time whatsoever was she a prisoner . If she had been a prisoner in any way shape or form I 'm sure the Allegheny County police would have charged him with those charges . He has never been charged with anything like that . The only charges against him were four counts of uh sexual situations . And uh frankly from the time she was eighteen that 's an adult in this state of Pennsylvania she could have walked away done anything she wanted to do . She did go out . She did ? You saw how she looked . And uh she was never a prisoner in any way shape or form . She could have four or five years ago done whatever she wanted to do . Suddenly this wonderful story of hers comes out which I assume will be made into a book someday . you know but you 're sort of mocking her . but yet if he was having sex with her from the time she was fourteen you know there is something about that where you could say that he really messed this girl up . Well if I said with you Dan that he did have sex with her that 's true . But I 'm not saying that . nor would I say that . Right no I 'm not ? And I think if you were representing him you would n't be saying it either . and you know that . Well but you are sort of attacking her by saying if she wanted to go she could have gone and this and that and she looked ? And then you 're saying well but I 'm not going to comment on whether he ruined her life before that . I said certainly if any part of this were true from the time she was eighteen years old until the time she was twenty four . Now she looks very mature for her age as you just saw and heard . There 's no question in my mind she could have done anything she wanted . As a matter of fact this relationship she suddenly has with her father ? She left him on several occasions and ran away from him from what I understand . She was fourteen . But I 'm saying
I did n't know that . I did n't know that you did n't want to talk about that at all . um Will you say anything about how he knew her ? No uh the only thing I can tell you is that it would appear to me that at no time whatsoever was she a prisoner . If she had been a prisoner in any way shape or form I 'm sure the Allegheny County police would have charged him with those charges . He has never been charged with anything like that . The only charges against him were four counts of uh sexual situations . And uh frankly from the time she was eighteen that 's an adult in this state of Pennsylvania she could have walked away done anything she wanted to do . She did go out . She did ? You saw how she looked . And uh she was never a prisoner in any way shape or form . She could have four or five years ago done whatever she wanted to do . Suddenly this wonderful story of hers comes out which I assume will be made into a book someday . you know but you 're sort of mocking her . but yet if he was having sex with her from the time she was fourteen you know there is something about that where you could say that he really messed this girl up . Well if I said with you Dan that he did have sex with her that 's true . But I 'm not saying that . nor would I say that . Right no I 'm not ? And I think if you were representing him you would n't be saying it either . and you know that . Well but you are sort of attacking her by saying if she wanted to go she could have gone and this and that and she looked ? And then you 're saying well but I 'm not going to comment on whether he ruined her life before that . I said certainly if any part of this were true from the time she was eighteen years old until the time she was twenty four . Now she looks very mature for her age as you just saw and heard . There 's no question in my mind she could have done anything she wanted . As a matter of fact this relationship she suddenly has with her father ? She left him on several occasions and ran away from him from what I understand . She was fourteen . But I 'm saying she ran away from him is what I understand . Where
I did n't know that you did n't want to talk about that at all . um Will you say anything about how he knew her ? No uh the only thing I can tell you is that it would appear to me that at no time whatsoever was she a prisoner . If she had been a prisoner in any way shape or form I 'm sure the Allegheny County police would have charged him with those charges . He has never been charged with anything like that . The only charges against him were four counts of uh sexual situations . And uh frankly from the time she was eighteen that 's an adult in this state of Pennsylvania she could have walked away done anything she wanted to do . She did go out . She did ? You saw how she looked . And uh she was never a prisoner in any way shape or form . She could have four or five years ago done whatever she wanted to do . Suddenly this wonderful story of hers comes out which I assume will be made into a book someday . you know but you 're sort of mocking her . but yet if he was having sex with her from the time she was fourteen you know there is something about that where you could say that he really messed this girl up . Well if I said with you Dan that he did have sex with her that 's true . But I 'm not saying that . nor would I say that . Right no I 'm not ? And I think if you were representing him you would n't be saying it either . and you know that . Well but you are sort of attacking her by saying if she wanted to go she could have gone and this and that and she looked ? And then you 're saying well but I 'm not going to comment on whether he ruined her life before that . I said certainly if any part of this were true from the time she was eighteen years old until the time she was twenty four . Now she looks very mature for her age as you just saw and heard . There 's no question in my mind she could have done anything she wanted . As a matter of fact this relationship she suddenly has with her father ? She left him on several occasions and ran away from him from what I understand . She was fourteen . But I 'm saying she ran away from him is what I understand . Where she ran I 'm not sure . I only know what I hear . Right . eh Karen Wells um what is her posi- ? Is she basically saying that she was brainwashed . or is she saying she does n't know ? No she 's basically saying she was brainwashed . and her father feels
Coming up , bar bouncer Darryl Littlejohn pleads not guilty to murdering grad student Imette St. Guillen . And says on camera the authorities have the wrong guy . The program about justice starts now . Just hours ago this man was arraigned for the brutal murder of graduate student Imette St. Guillen . Hi everyone . First up on the docket bouncer Darryl Littlejohn pleaded not guilty to charges he murdered twenty four year old Guillen . She was found strangled and wrapped in tape . This was just a day after Littlejohn spoke out for the first time telling WCBS in New York that police have got the wrong guy . Not knowing this woman personally or anything you know from the little bit that I 've been told about
Coming up , bar bouncer Darryl Littlejohn pleads not guilty to murdering grad student Imette St. Guillen . And says on camera the authorities have the wrong guy . The program about justice starts now . Just hours ago this man was arraigned for the brutal murder of graduate student Imette St. Guillen . Hi everyone . First up on the docket bouncer Darryl Littlejohn pleaded not guilty to charges he murdered twenty four year old Guillen . She was found strangled and wrapped in tape . This was just a day after Littlejohn spoke out for the first time telling WCBS in New York that police have got the wrong guy . Not knowing this woman personally or anything you know from the little bit that I 've been told about her she was a brilliant person . And she was going on with her life you know to become somebody in this world . And The family has to be devastated . I mean I 'm truly sorry what happened to this young lady . but they have the wrong person . uh We 're going to play more of that interview . But joining me now New York Sun columnist David Golden who was at the arraignment today . All right . so David set the scene for us . Well at about two fifteen this afternoon in a packed ceremonial courtroom in Brooklyn court with Imette 's sister and mother sitting in the front row and dozens of reporters watching Mr. Littlejohn walked in . He was shackled . He did not say a word throughout the entire hearing . But his attorney entered the plea for him of not guilty . Three charges here . One count of first degree murder . To convict on that a jury would have to find that in the course of killing Imette Mr. Littlejohn committed some sort of sex crime also . To protect themselves prosecutors have added two second degree murder charges that do not require a sex crime to have taken place . Earlier in the day Police Commissioner Ray Kelly and Brooklyn District Attorney Joe Hines laid out some of the evidence in the case in addition Dan to what we 'd heard before Which was the cops had cell phone records placing Mr. Littlejohn in the area where Imette 's body was found Witnesses saying that Mr. Littlejohn left the Falls bar with Imette And blood of Mr. Littlejohn 's apparently on the ties that were binding together Imette 's hands .
But over the last twenty four hours a sort of war of words has erupted between the police and that man officially charged with Imette 's murder . This focus should n't really be on me . It should be on them finding who is really responsible for this young lady 's you know tragic death . Imette 's hands and feet were bound and her mouth gagged with a white athletic sock . She had been sexually abused and asphyxiated . Plastic packing tape covered her eyes her nose and her mouth . Imette was last seen leaving the Falls bar with Darryl Littlejohn . Did you see Imette St. Guillen leave the bar ? At the end of the night yes . Okay um . Just before closing . Did somebody ask you to escort
But over the last twenty four hours a sort of war of words has erupted between the police and that man officially charged with Imette 's murder . This focus should n't really be on me . It should be on them finding who is really responsible for this young lady 's you know tragic death . Imette 's hands and feet were bound and her mouth gagged with a white athletic sock . She had been sexually abused and asphyxiated . Plastic packing tape covered her eyes her nose and her mouth . Imette was last seen leaving the Falls bar with Darryl Littlejohn . Did you see Imette St. Guillen leave the bar ? At the end of the night yes . Okay um . Just before closing . Did somebody ask you to escort her out ? Yes it was close to closing time . All the other patrons had left the bar . and I was asked to escort
But over the last twenty four hours a sort of war of words has erupted between the police and that man officially charged with Imette 's murder . This focus should n't really be on me . It should be on them finding who is really responsible for this young lady 's you know tragic death . Imette 's hands and feet were bound and her mouth gagged with a white athletic sock . She had been sexually abused and asphyxiated . Plastic packing tape covered her eyes her nose and her mouth . Imette was last seen leaving the Falls bar with Darryl Littlejohn . Did you see Imette St. Guillen leave the bar ? At the end of the night yes . Okay um . Just before closing . Did somebody ask you to escort her out ? Yes it was close to closing time . All the other patrons had left the bar . and I was asked to escort her . Did you do that ? Yes . That 's normal . upon closing time the stragglers or whoever is remaining behind they have to be off the premises by four AM . or the bar gets fined . So yes that 's normal . When police were questioning you did you volunteer to give your DNA ? Yes I did . And you gave it ? Yes . There was never a question about me consenting to give my DNA . When they first approached me at the Falls I provided them with my real name my real address social security number birth date so on and so forth . A DNA match was made with Littlejohn 's blood on the plastic ties that bound
But over the last twenty four hours a sort of war of words has erupted between the police and that man officially charged with Imette 's murder . This focus should n't really be on me . It should be on them finding who is really responsible for this young lady 's you know tragic death . Imette 's hands and feet were bound and her mouth gagged with a white athletic sock . She had been sexually abused and asphyxiated . Plastic packing tape covered her eyes her nose and her mouth . Imette was last seen leaving the Falls bar with Darryl Littlejohn . Did you see Imette St. Guillen leave the bar ? At the end of the night yes . Okay um . Just before closing . Did somebody ask you to escort her out ? Yes it was close to closing time . All the other patrons had left the bar . and I was asked to escort her . Did you do that ? Yes . That 's normal . upon closing time the stragglers or whoever is remaining behind they have to be off the premises by four AM . or the bar gets fined . So yes that 's normal . When police were questioning you did you volunteer to give your DNA ? Yes I did . And you gave it ? Yes . There was never a question about me consenting to give my DNA . When they first approached me at the Falls I provided them with my real name my real address social security number birth date so on and so forth . A DNA match was made with Littlejohn 's blood on the plastic ties that bound her hands . Red polyester rug fibers from carpeting in Littlejohn 's residence along with brown mink hair from a jacket in his residence and blue rabbit hair from a jacket collar in his residence were consistent with rug fibers mink and rabbit hair that were found on the tapes used on Imette 's head in the blanket in which her body was found and in the Winstar van used by Littlejohn . I 'm a likely suspect because I have a criminal background and I was n't supposed to be there working . A cell phone used exclusively by Littlejohn had been in close proximity to where
This focus should n't really be on me . It should be on them finding who is really responsible for this young lady 's you know tragic death . Imette 's hands and feet were bound and her mouth gagged with a white athletic sock . She had been sexually abused and asphyxiated . Plastic packing tape covered her eyes her nose and her mouth . Imette was last seen leaving the Falls bar with Darryl Littlejohn . Did you see Imette St. Guillen leave the bar ? At the end of the night yes . Okay um . Just before closing . Did somebody ask you to escort her out ? Yes it was close to closing time . All the other patrons had left the bar . and I was asked to escort her . Did you do that ? Yes . That 's normal . upon closing time the stragglers or whoever is remaining behind they have to be off the premises by four AM . or the bar gets fined . So yes that 's normal . When police were questioning you did you volunteer to give your DNA ? Yes I did . And you gave it ? Yes . There was never a question about me consenting to give my DNA . When they first approached me at the Falls I provided them with my real name my real address social security number birth date so on and so forth . A DNA match was made with Littlejohn 's blood on the plastic ties that bound her hands . Red polyester rug fibers from carpeting in Littlejohn 's residence along with brown mink hair from a jacket in his residence and blue rabbit hair from a jacket collar in his residence were consistent with rug fibers mink and rabbit hair that were found on the tapes used on Imette 's head in the blanket in which her body was found and in the Winstar van used by Littlejohn . I 'm a likely suspect because I have a criminal background and I was n't supposed to be there working . A cell phone used exclusively by Littlejohn had been in close proximity to where her body was found . His phone was used there at seven thirty one PM less than an hour before the body was reported by the nine one one call . Further a witness said he saw a van that matched the description of the one used by Littlejohn making a u-turn at about seven thirty PM at the place Imette 's body was found . Finally there are no witnesses or other evidence to support Littlejohn 's claim that he visited his mother in a nursing home on the day Imette was killed . Did you kill Imette St. Guillen ? No I did not . Another problem of course is that he told the Daily News reporter that he hardly even remembered Imette being there and now
This focus should n't really be on me . It should be on them finding who is really responsible for this young lady 's you know tragic death . Imette 's hands and feet were bound and her mouth gagged with a white athletic sock . She had been sexually abused and asphyxiated . Plastic packing tape covered her eyes her nose and her mouth . Imette was last seen leaving the Falls bar with Darryl Littlejohn . Did you see Imette St. Guillen leave the bar ? At the end of the night yes . Okay um . Just before closing . Did somebody ask you to escort her out ? Yes it was close to closing time . All the other patrons had left the bar . and I was asked to escort her . Did you do that ? Yes . That 's normal . upon closing time the stragglers or whoever is remaining behind they have to be off the premises by four AM . or the bar gets fined . So yes that 's normal . When police were questioning you did you volunteer to give your DNA ? Yes I did . And you gave it ? Yes . There was never a question about me consenting to give my DNA . When they first approached me at the Falls I provided them with my real name my real address social security number birth date so on and so forth . A DNA match was made with Littlejohn 's blood on the plastic ties that bound her hands . Red polyester rug fibers from carpeting in Littlejohn 's residence along with brown mink hair from a jacket in his residence and blue rabbit hair from a jacket collar in his residence were consistent with rug fibers mink and rabbit hair that were found on the tapes used on Imette 's head in the blanket in which her body was found and in the Winstar van used by Littlejohn . I 'm a likely suspect because I have a criminal background and I was n't supposed to be there working . A cell phone used exclusively by Littlejohn had been in close proximity to where her body was found . His phone was used there at seven thirty one PM less than an hour before the body was reported by the nine one one call . Further a witness said he saw a van that matched the description of the one used by Littlejohn making a u-turn at about seven thirty PM at the place Imette 's body was found . Finally there are no witnesses or other evidence to support Littlejohn 's claim that he visited his mother in a nursing home on the day Imette was killed . Did you kill Imette St. Guillen ? No I did not . Another problem of course is that he told the Daily News reporter that he hardly even remembered Imette being there and now he 's saying oh yeah I walked
Joining us now former prosecutor Gail Abramson and criminal defense attorney uh Janna Spillbore . All right so Janna look this defense attorney is out there uh you know talking a big game Basically saying I 've got a solid defense here . uh he took the subway home . he had nothing to do with this et cetera . Yeah and what 's wrong with that ? He 's going to present the uh some other dude defense did it . And that could work in this case Dan because we do n't have a lot of solid evidence yet linking Littlejohn to Imette St. Guillen 's rape or her murder . Well you mean you 're ignoring all the evidence that Ray Kelly 's explaining ? No you know what . because that evidence is weak at best . I mean you could have an alternate explanation for all of that . The fibers transference that 's easy . I mean it is . Oh yeah . No but listen . if the theory is that she was raped and killed why is n't Littlejohn 's DNA all over
Joining us now former prosecutor Gail Abramson and criminal defense attorney uh Janna Spillbore . All right so Janna look this defense attorney is out there uh you know talking a big game Basically saying I 've got a solid defense here . uh he took the subway home . he had nothing to do with this et cetera . Yeah and what 's wrong with that ? He 's going to present the uh some other dude defense did it . And that could work in this case Dan because we do n't have a lot of solid evidence yet linking Littlejohn to Imette St. Guillen 's rape or her murder . Well you mean you 're ignoring all the evidence that Ray Kelly 's explaining ? No you know what . because that evidence is weak at best . I mean you could have an alternate explanation for all of that . The fibers transference that 's easy . I mean it is . Oh yeah . No but listen . if the theory is that she was raped and killed why is n't Littlejohn 's DNA all over her body ? We have no semen . We have no evidence of rape . I 'm sorry . have you not been involved in any cases where there were rapes where there was no semen ? eh It 's highly unlikely Dan . Oh really ? Yeah . I mean you know I 'm not actually going to claim that the rapist was polite and used a condom . and I do n't think that was the case . Hold on . I . Is there any evidence of that ? No . So uh at worst we might have a couple of people involved in this crime . But we have no evidence that this guy raped
but the problem Gail Abramson is it is a crime if the bar manager lied to the authorities about what happened led them on a wild goose chase . um You 're allowed to say nothing . but in the state of New York you 're not allowed to simply tell the authorities something that 's not true and send them going elsewhere . Exactly . and he 's going to argue one of two things . Number one he 's going to argue that he had no idea that Darryl Littlejohn aka B as he is known at the bar was on parole and was not allowed to be working there . You know number two ? So he 's going to argue ignorance . And he 's also going to argue that um you know he felt threatened or something like that . And that he uh was threatened by someone . Remember there was another bouncer that they called Kwan that never showed up again either . Right . So he might plead I was a victim in this case and ? D- . Yeah But David Golden that 's going to be a hard argument to make , right ? It 's going to be a tough argument in part because the original story that the bar manager told cops was that he 'd seen Imette leave alone . And then how would you just suddenly remember five or six days later that in fact
but the problem Gail Abramson is it is a crime if the bar manager lied to the authorities about what happened led them on a wild goose chase . um You 're allowed to say nothing . but in the state of New York you 're not allowed to simply tell the authorities something that 's not true and send them going elsewhere . Exactly . and he 's going to argue one of two things . Number one he 's going to argue that he had no idea that Darryl Littlejohn aka B as he is known at the bar was on parole and was not allowed to be working there . You know number two ? So he 's going to argue ignorance . And he 's also going to argue that um you know he felt threatened or something like that . And that he uh was threatened by someone . Remember there was another bouncer that they called Kwan that never showed up again either . Right . So he might plead I was a victim in this case and ? D- . Yeah But David Golden that 's going to be a hard argument to make , right ? It 's going to be a tough argument in part because the original story that the bar manager told cops was that he 'd seen Imette leave alone . And then how would you just suddenly remember five or six days later that in fact he was the one who asked Littlejohn to escort
Coming up , the mother of the fourteen year old who had sex with teacher Debra Lafave joins us for her first live interview . She did n't want her son to testify . Now
Someone who is not happy with this opinion is Sally who is the young boy 's mother . She joins me now on the phone for her first tv interview since these charges were dropped . Thanks a lot for coming on the program . We appreciate it . You 're welcome . All right so the judge eh seemed uh to really be basically saying that your son should be forced to testify . Exactly . And on one hand he basically says that he is uh you know appalled that a teacher would do this to a child . And on the other hand he 's saying that because you know he 's not under twelve years old . nobody likes to testify . even referred to police officers do n't like to testify . so um basically um You know he needed to do this . So um I have to tell you I 've just been mostly shocked that the judge really did not appear to consider my son um at all through this . And largely you know that was made known through his comments and his order that he issued . You know look I made a lot of comments yesterday on this program saying that I thought that a lot of people were demanding that she be prosecuted Were suggesting that your son be forced to testify in this case . And I was saying that the same people who are usually out there yelling and screaming for the victims we 've got to protect the victims are suddenly saying oh you know well We do n't really have to worry about the victim in this case . Exactly . and there was no one that wanted
Thanks a lot for coming on the program . We appreciate it . You 're welcome . All right so the judge eh seemed uh to really be basically saying that your son should be forced to testify . Exactly . And on one hand he basically says that he is uh you know appalled that a teacher would do this to a child . And on the other hand he 's saying that because you know he 's not under twelve years old . nobody likes to testify . even referred to police officers do n't like to testify . so um basically um You know he needed to do this . So um I have to tell you I 've just been mostly shocked that the judge really did not appear to consider my son um at all through this . And largely you know that was made known through his comments and his order that he issued . You know look I made a lot of comments yesterday on this program saying that I thought that a lot of people were demanding that she be prosecuted Were suggesting that your son be forced to testify in this case . And I was saying that the same people who are usually out there yelling and screaming for the victims we 've got to protect the victims are suddenly saying oh you know well We do n't really have to worry about the victim in this case . Exactly . and there was no one that wanted her to serve prison time more than myself . And uh we ? You know that was our original plea agreement that we offered to them um . But at the end of the day and as it got closer to the trial we were you know less than a week before trial , that uh the court tv refusing to um ? Which originally they had said they would do a delay and they would shadow my face and the family members as well as my son . Well without a delay My son 's name would have ended up being said . um You know with thirty forty witnesses you ca n't help it . And um you know just having all of this aired live and being debated and re-debated every statement every comment . And as I know you know you can say one sentence . and it 's many times taken out of context . So um at the end of the day I could n't move forward with that uh to forcing her to prison and basically having my son re-victimized . Before I play a little bit of sound from Debra today and and get your response to it You know a lot of people have said well this teacher is so attractive . Every fourteen year old this would be his dream . What 's your reaction to that ? How is your son reacting ? um eh eh
Exactly . And on one hand he basically says that he is uh you know appalled that a teacher would do this to a child . And on the other hand he 's saying that because you know he 's not under twelve years old . nobody likes to testify . even referred to police officers do n't like to testify . so um basically um You know he needed to do this . So um I have to tell you I 've just been mostly shocked that the judge really did not appear to consider my son um at all through this . And largely you know that was made known through his comments and his order that he issued . You know look I made a lot of comments yesterday on this program saying that I thought that a lot of people were demanding that she be prosecuted Were suggesting that your son be forced to testify in this case . And I was saying that the same people who are usually out there yelling and screaming for the victims we 've got to protect the victims are suddenly saying oh you know well We do n't really have to worry about the victim in this case . Exactly . and there was no one that wanted her to serve prison time more than myself . And uh we ? You know that was our original plea agreement that we offered to them um . But at the end of the day and as it got closer to the trial we were you know less than a week before trial , that uh the court tv refusing to um ? Which originally they had said they would do a delay and they would shadow my face and the family members as well as my son . Well without a delay My son 's name would have ended up being said . um You know with thirty forty witnesses you ca n't help it . And um you know just having all of this aired live and being debated and re-debated every statement every comment . And as I know you know you can say one sentence . and it 's many times taken out of context . So um at the end of the day I could n't move forward with that uh to forcing her to prison and basically having my son re-victimized . Before I play a little bit of sound from Debra today and and get your response to it You know a lot of people have said well this teacher is so attractive . Every fourteen year old this would be his dream . What 's your reaction to that ? How is your son reacting ? um eh eh She 's a teacher . She 's a person of authority . and she you know molested my child . It 's unacceptable . You know
Exactly . And on one hand he basically says that he is uh you know appalled that a teacher would do this to a child . And on the other hand he 's saying that because you know he 's not under twelve years old . nobody likes to testify . even referred to police officers do n't like to testify . so um basically um You know he needed to do this . So um I have to tell you I 've just been mostly shocked that the judge really did not appear to consider my son um at all through this . And largely you know that was made known through his comments and his order that he issued . You know look I made a lot of comments yesterday on this program saying that I thought that a lot of people were demanding that she be prosecuted Were suggesting that your son be forced to testify in this case . And I was saying that the same people who are usually out there yelling and screaming for the victims we 've got to protect the victims are suddenly saying oh you know well We do n't really have to worry about the victim in this case . Exactly . and there was no one that wanted her to serve prison time more than myself . And uh we ? You know that was our original plea agreement that we offered to them um . But at the end of the day and as it got closer to the trial we were you know less than a week before trial , that uh the court tv refusing to um ? Which originally they had said they would do a delay and they would shadow my face and the family members as well as my son . Well without a delay My son 's name would have ended up being said . um You know with thirty forty witnesses you ca n't help it . And um you know just having all of this aired live and being debated and re-debated every statement every comment . And as I know you know you can say one sentence . and it 's many times taken out of context . So um at the end of the day I could n't move forward with that uh to forcing her to prison and basically having my son re-victimized . Before I play a little bit of sound from Debra today and and get your response to it You know a lot of people have said well this teacher is so attractive . Every fourteen year old this would be his dream . What 's your reaction to that ? How is your son reacting ? um eh eh She 's a teacher . She 's a person of authority . and she you know molested my child . It 's unacceptable . You know her attractiveness or lack thereof in my opinion plays no part in this . What is
So um I have to tell you I 've just been mostly shocked that the judge really did not appear to consider my son um at all through this . And largely you know that was made known through his comments and his order that he issued . You know look I made a lot of comments yesterday on this program saying that I thought that a lot of people were demanding that she be prosecuted Were suggesting that your son be forced to testify in this case . And I was saying that the same people who are usually out there yelling and screaming for the victims we 've got to protect the victims are suddenly saying oh you know well We do n't really have to worry about the victim in this case . Exactly . and there was no one that wanted her to serve prison time more than myself . And uh we ? You know that was our original plea agreement that we offered to them um . But at the end of the day and as it got closer to the trial we were you know less than a week before trial , that uh the court tv refusing to um ? Which originally they had said they would do a delay and they would shadow my face and the family members as well as my son . Well without a delay My son 's name would have ended up being said . um You know with thirty forty witnesses you ca n't help it . And um you know just having all of this aired live and being debated and re-debated every statement every comment . And as I know you know you can say one sentence . and it 's many times taken out of context . So um at the end of the day I could n't move forward with that uh to forcing her to prison and basically having my son re-victimized . Before I play a little bit of sound from Debra today and and get your response to it You know a lot of people have said well this teacher is so attractive . Every fourteen year old this would be his dream . What 's your reaction to that ? How is your son reacting ? um eh eh She 's a teacher . She 's a person of authority . and she you know molested my child . It 's unacceptable . You know her attractiveness or lack thereof in my opinion plays no part in this . What is he saying about it now ? He does n't like to talk about it . um To be honest with you he is doing extremely well . um He uh just has a wonderful circle of friends . you know he 's an honor student . He loves to play sports . um He is extremely well balanced . he 's doing absolutely wonderful . And my goal um is to you know um help keep
And largely you know that was made known through his comments and his order that he issued . You know look I made a lot of comments yesterday on this program saying that I thought that a lot of people were demanding that she be prosecuted Were suggesting that your son be forced to testify in this case . And I was saying that the same people who are usually out there yelling and screaming for the victims we 've got to protect the victims are suddenly saying oh you know well We do n't really have to worry about the victim in this case . Exactly . and there was no one that wanted her to serve prison time more than myself . And uh we ? You know that was our original plea agreement that we offered to them um . But at the end of the day and as it got closer to the trial we were you know less than a week before trial , that uh the court tv refusing to um ? Which originally they had said they would do a delay and they would shadow my face and the family members as well as my son . Well without a delay My son 's name would have ended up being said . um You know with thirty forty witnesses you ca n't help it . And um you know just having all of this aired live and being debated and re-debated every statement every comment . And as I know you know you can say one sentence . and it 's many times taken out of context . So um at the end of the day I could n't move forward with that uh to forcing her to prison and basically having my son re-victimized . Before I play a little bit of sound from Debra today and and get your response to it You know a lot of people have said well this teacher is so attractive . Every fourteen year old this would be his dream . What 's your reaction to that ? How is your son reacting ? um eh eh She 's a teacher . She 's a person of authority . and she you know molested my child . It 's unacceptable . You know her attractiveness or lack thereof in my opinion plays no part in this . What is he saying about it now ? He does n't like to talk about it . um To be honest with you he is doing extremely well . um He uh just has a wonderful circle of friends . you know he 's an honor student . He loves to play sports . um He is extremely well balanced . he 's doing absolutely wonderful . And my goal um is to you know um help keep him that way . Mhm . How did you find out about this ?
And largely you know that was made known through his comments and his order that he issued . You know look I made a lot of comments yesterday on this program saying that I thought that a lot of people were demanding that she be prosecuted Were suggesting that your son be forced to testify in this case . And I was saying that the same people who are usually out there yelling and screaming for the victims we 've got to protect the victims are suddenly saying oh you know well We do n't really have to worry about the victim in this case . Exactly . and there was no one that wanted her to serve prison time more than myself . And uh we ? You know that was our original plea agreement that we offered to them um . But at the end of the day and as it got closer to the trial we were you know less than a week before trial , that uh the court tv refusing to um ? Which originally they had said they would do a delay and they would shadow my face and the family members as well as my son . Well without a delay My son 's name would have ended up being said . um You know with thirty forty witnesses you ca n't help it . And um you know just having all of this aired live and being debated and re-debated every statement every comment . And as I know you know you can say one sentence . and it 's many times taken out of context . So um at the end of the day I could n't move forward with that uh to forcing her to prison and basically having my son re-victimized . Before I play a little bit of sound from Debra today and and get your response to it You know a lot of people have said well this teacher is so attractive . Every fourteen year old this would be his dream . What 's your reaction to that ? How is your son reacting ? um eh eh She 's a teacher . She 's a person of authority . and she you know molested my child . It 's unacceptable . You know her attractiveness or lack thereof in my opinion plays no part in this . What is he saying about it now ? He does n't like to talk about it . um To be honest with you he is doing extremely well . um He uh just has a wonderful circle of friends . you know he 's an honor student . He loves to play sports . um He is extremely well balanced . he 's doing absolutely wonderful . And my goal um is to you know um help keep him that way . Mhm . How did you find out about this ? He came to you , right ? No
And I was saying that the same people who are usually out there yelling and screaming for the victims we 've got to protect the victims are suddenly saying oh you know well We do n't really have to worry about the victim in this case . Exactly . and there was no one that wanted her to serve prison time more than myself . And uh we ? You know that was our original plea agreement that we offered to them um . But at the end of the day and as it got closer to the trial we were you know less than a week before trial , that uh the court tv refusing to um ? Which originally they had said they would do a delay and they would shadow my face and the family members as well as my son . Well without a delay My son 's name would have ended up being said . um You know with thirty forty witnesses you ca n't help it . And um you know just having all of this aired live and being debated and re-debated every statement every comment . And as I know you know you can say one sentence . and it 's many times taken out of context . So um at the end of the day I could n't move forward with that uh to forcing her to prison and basically having my son re-victimized . Before I play a little bit of sound from Debra today and and get your response to it You know a lot of people have said well this teacher is so attractive . Every fourteen year old this would be his dream . What 's your reaction to that ? How is your son reacting ? um eh eh She 's a teacher . She 's a person of authority . and she you know molested my child . It 's unacceptable . You know her attractiveness or lack thereof in my opinion plays no part in this . What is he saying about it now ? He does n't like to talk about it . um To be honest with you he is doing extremely well . um He uh just has a wonderful circle of friends . you know he 's an honor student . He loves to play sports . um He is extremely well balanced . he 's doing absolutely wonderful . And my goal um is to you know um help keep him that way . Mhm . How did you find out about this ? He came to you , right ? No he did n't . Actually my sister had overheard uh just basic ? She put two and two together heard eh different comments and conversations . And then all of a sudden spotted my son and this teacher in Ocala and then called me and uh asked if I knew my son was in Ocala which um you know it was a normal summer day . I thought
Exactly . and there was no one that wanted her to serve prison time more than myself . And uh we ? You know that was our original plea agreement that we offered to them um . But at the end of the day and as it got closer to the trial we were you know less than a week before trial , that uh the court tv refusing to um ? Which originally they had said they would do a delay and they would shadow my face and the family members as well as my son . Well without a delay My son 's name would have ended up being said . um You know with thirty forty witnesses you ca n't help it . And um you know just having all of this aired live and being debated and re-debated every statement every comment . And as I know you know you can say one sentence . and it 's many times taken out of context . So um at the end of the day I could n't move forward with that uh to forcing her to prison and basically having my son re-victimized . Before I play a little bit of sound from Debra today and and get your response to it You know a lot of people have said well this teacher is so attractive . Every fourteen year old this would be his dream . What 's your reaction to that ? How is your son reacting ? um eh eh She 's a teacher . She 's a person of authority . and she you know molested my child . It 's unacceptable . You know her attractiveness or lack thereof in my opinion plays no part in this . What is he saying about it now ? He does n't like to talk about it . um To be honest with you he is doing extremely well . um He uh just has a wonderful circle of friends . you know he 's an honor student . He loves to play sports . um He is extremely well balanced . he 's doing absolutely wonderful . And my goal um is to you know um help keep him that way . Mhm . How did you find out about this ? He came to you , right ? No he did n't . Actually my sister had overheard uh just basic ? She put two and two together heard eh different comments and conversations . And then all of a sudden spotted my son and this teacher in Ocala and then called me and uh asked if I knew my son was in Ocala which um you know it was a normal summer day . I thought he was at the rec center which is a place that he 's always been . Anyway um I confronted
um ? Here 's Debra Lafave on Tuesday . uh I know that you were not entirely satisfied with her uh public statements . I did not find them to be particularly sympathetic either . But here 's a little bit more of what she said . and I want to get your reaction . My greatest regret would probably be um the fact that I put this young man through this . um I mean the media has totally um taken it out of proportion . And um
um ? Here 's Debra Lafave on Tuesday . uh I know that you were not entirely satisfied with her uh public statements . I did not find them to be particularly sympathetic either . But here 's a little bit more of what she said . and I want to get your reaction . My greatest regret would probably be um the fact that I put this young man through this . um I mean the media has totally um taken it out of proportion . And um he 's suffering even more so by the media 's actions . He is a young man . and his privacy has been violated . um He has walked outside of a door and been approached by media . uh His picture was published on the internet . That 's what I 'm talking about . Sally it seems that your son now has a great defender in the woman who molested
um ? Here 's Debra Lafave on Tuesday . uh I know that you were not entirely satisfied with her uh public statements . I did not find them to be particularly sympathetic either . But here 's a little bit more of what she said . and I want to get your reaction . My greatest regret would probably be um the fact that I put this young man through this . um I mean the media has totally um taken it out of proportion . And um he 's suffering even more so by the media 's actions . He is a young man . and his privacy has been violated . um He has walked outside of a door and been approached by media . uh His picture was published on the internet . That 's what I 'm talking about . Sally it seems that your son now has a great defender in the woman who molested him . Well that 's what I find ironic that I appreciate her concern for my son . But instead of saying
um ? Here 's Debra Lafave on Tuesday . uh I know that you were not entirely satisfied with her uh public statements . I did not find them to be particularly sympathetic either . But here 's a little bit more of what she said . and I want to get your reaction . My greatest regret would probably be um the fact that I put this young man through this . um I mean the media has totally um taken it out of proportion . And um he 's suffering even more so by the media 's actions . He is a young man . and his privacy has been violated . um He has walked outside of a door and been approached by media . uh His picture was published on the internet . That 's what I 'm talking about . Sally it seems that your son now has a great defender in the woman who molested him . Well that 's what I find ironic that I appreciate her concern for my son . But instead of saying her concern because of what she did to him um instead She 's you know always blaming someone else . it 's really never her fault from what I 've seen up to this point . What did you want to hear from her ? um You know I 'm beyond that at this point . I have to tell you that uh when all of this first happened you know I saw this young teacher . She is not my son 's student . I had never seen
um ? Here 's Debra Lafave on Tuesday . uh I know that you were not entirely satisfied with her uh public statements . I did not find them to be particularly sympathetic either . But here 's a little bit more of what she said . and I want to get your reaction . My greatest regret would probably be um the fact that I put this young man through this . um I mean the media has totally um taken it out of proportion . And um he 's suffering even more so by the media 's actions . He is a young man . and his privacy has been violated . um He has walked outside of a door and been approached by media . uh His picture was published on the internet . That 's what I 'm talking about . Sally it seems that your son now has a great defender in the woman who molested him . Well that 's what I find ironic that I appreciate her concern for my son . But instead of saying her concern because of what she did to him um instead She 's you know always blaming someone else . it 's really never her fault from what I 've seen up to this point . What did you want to hear from her ? um You know I 'm beyond that at this point . I have to tell you that uh when all of this first happened you know I saw this young teacher . She is not my son 's student . I had never seen her before . I did n't know who we were talking about until the day she was arrested . And um I was shocked . And then to find out that she 's a newlywed and you know has her whole life in front of her . And why in the world would someone do what she did to my son and also you know throw
um ? Here 's Debra Lafave on Tuesday . uh I know that you were not entirely satisfied with her uh public statements . I did not find them to be particularly sympathetic either . But here 's a little bit more of what she said . and I want to get your reaction . My greatest regret would probably be um the fact that I put this young man through this . um I mean the media has totally um taken it out of proportion . And um he 's suffering even more so by the media 's actions . He is a young man . and his privacy has been violated . um He has walked outside of a door and been approached by media . uh His picture was published on the internet . That 's what I 'm talking about . Sally it seems that your son now has a great defender in the woman who molested him . Well that 's what I find ironic that I appreciate her concern for my son . But instead of saying her concern because of what she did to him um instead She 's you know always blaming someone else . it 's really never her fault from what I 've seen up to this point . What did you want to hear from her ? um You know I 'm beyond that at this point . I have to tell you that uh when all of this first happened you know I saw this young teacher . She is not my son 's student . I had never seen her before . I did n't know who we were talking about until the day she was arrested . And um I was shocked . And then to find out that she 's a newlywed and you know has her whole life in front of her . And why in the world would someone do what she did to my son and also you know throw her life away like that ? But I expected ? You know I thought ? uh At first I wanted to talk to her and have her explain to me why . I just wanted to understand . but I 'm beyond that because um I 've yet to see any remorse from her . So she might not be capable of it . Yeah uh She seems to be blaming this all on her uh mental conditions . She says she 's bipolar uh et cetera . but ? I believe she does have mental illnesses um . but I . there 's absolutely no doubt that she knew exactly what she was doing on five different occasions . Yeah . All right Sally good luck to you and good luck to your son . Look I 've made my views on this very clear uh that uh I fully support uh you and your decision to say look I do n't want to go through this anymore .
Do you worry about him rattling the cage of uh the head of North Korea with comments like he 's a tyrannical dictator ? You 're dealing with a guy who is living on booze most of the time and delusions and movies and girlfriends provided for him . Do you think it 's safe to call him names ? You 're not talking about John Bolton now when you say that , right ? No I 'm talking about the head of North Korea . Do you think it 's safe to rattle the cage of a crazy man ? Uh Chris Chris as you well know ? I should n't say crazy man . He might hear this . How about an unusual leader ? Eh everything that John Bolton said about Kim Jong was approved by the State Department . There 's not a record on it not a single thing in the record . I sat through all the hearings and read all the stuff . there 's not a single thing that John Bolton said that was n't approved by higher powers . Tyrannical dictator hellish nightmare on the eve of the six nation talks ? That 's what he is . Oh yeah we know that . The truth hurts so much with this guy ? So your listeners understand there 's not a single thing that John Bolton said during that entire process that was not vetted , that was not cleared and that was not approved . So he is a tyrannical dictator for whatever reason folks said . that 's the approach we 're going to use . and so John Bolton was n't off the reservation and was n't speaking out of school . he was speaking truth . and it was approved truth . What do you think about his comment that we could lose the top ten floors of the UN building and it would n't hurt ? I hope he does n't have an office on one of those top ten floors . Uh yeah you sound like Barbara Boxer now Chris . You know the reality
Up next more on President Bush 's recess appointment of John Bolton as UN ambassador and the latest on the heightening CIA leak investigation . You 're watching Hardball on MSNBC . Welcome back to Hardball . More now on the recess appointment of John Bolton to the United Nations . NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell joins us now . Andrea there are two paradigms for UN ambassador . There 's Adlai Stevenson the old liberal who really came through during the Cuban Missile Crisis because everybody in the world believed he was n't a hawk . And then there was Daniel Patrick Moynihan who went over there and took on the Third World on issues like uh the issues of anti-Israel sort of rhetoric over there and he won those battles . What are we looking at here a smart diplomat or a tough talker ? I think a tough talker . But what
Up next more on President Bush 's recess appointment of John Bolton as UN ambassador and the latest on the heightening CIA leak investigation . You 're watching Hardball on MSNBC . Welcome back to Hardball . More now on the recess appointment of John Bolton to the United Nations . NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell joins us now . Andrea there are two paradigms for UN ambassador . There 's Adlai Stevenson the old liberal who really came through during the Cuban Missile Crisis because everybody in the world believed he was n't a hawk . And then there was Daniel Patrick Moynihan who went over there and took on the Third World on issues like uh the issues of anti-Israel sort of rhetoric over there and he won those battles . What are we looking at here a smart diplomat or a tough talker ? I think a tough talker . But what he needs to learn and what I think
Up next more on President Bush 's recess appointment of John Bolton as UN ambassador and the latest on the heightening CIA leak investigation . You 're watching Hardball on MSNBC . Welcome back to Hardball . More now on the recess appointment of John Bolton to the United Nations . NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell joins us now . Andrea there are two paradigms for UN ambassador . There 's Adlai Stevenson the old liberal who really came through during the Cuban Missile Crisis because everybody in the world believed he was n't a hawk . And then there was Daniel Patrick Moynihan who went over there and took on the Third World on issues like uh the issues of anti-Israel sort of rhetoric over there and he won those battles . What are we looking at here a smart diplomat or a tough talker ? I think a tough talker . But what he needs to learn and what I think he 's been warned about uh from diplomats up there is that you need votes . And he ca n't go in with a mandate that the president has given him to shake the place up with some of those pungent sound bites and get along with enough people especially because his own credibility was really on the line on some of the tough issues that he 's going to confront Iran Iraq North Korea . So since he 's been accused of twisting the intelligence on exactly those issues He needs some allies . and he 's going to have to develop those allies now . He will have the Brits and some of the other traditional American allies . but he does n't have a lot of goodwill up there . That said John Bolton has experience . He was very successful in a previous incarnation in New York when he was able to defeat the Zionism is racism uh resolution there back then . And he 's a smart guy . So I would n't bet against
Let 's talk Republicans . I love the new gallop poll . It just came out today . It shows that Rudy Giuliani has got a sixty four percent favor in this environment when everybody 's tough on politicians . and McCain 's down at fifty one . But you know I want to ask you . I 've been pushing this . Maybe I feel like I 'm campaign - managing for Giuliani . Maybe you should be . No I 'm just telling you he is the best speaker in the country today now that Jesse Jackson 's not active . He 's the best orator in the country . And I think he looks great . What do you think Ed ? Hey and he 's a Republican . and if he runs he 's going to be a contender . You know Republicans are very +hierarchial . We tend to nominate a frontrunner . And right now I think by any standard McCain is a frontrunner . And behind him ? Not in most polls . Most polls show Giuliani at number one . . Okay okay well give or take . Yeah . Uh but nonetheless he would be a contender for our nomination no question . He would ultimately have some ideological problems . but right now yeah he is . he 's a frontrunner . . Bob you 're laughing because you know he has them . But parties that are in trouble and need to win and if Hillary 's the nominee , they 're going to need to win , they 're going to need the strongest possible opponent wo n't they resort to a Giuliani ? No look
Okay we 're going to go back and look at Hillary 's numbers which I find fascinating . They 're probably bad news for Hillary supporters . We 'll be right back with Ed Rogers and Bob Shrum . Stay with us . When we return , could there be a unity ticket in the presidential race of two thousand eight ? We 've a little buzz about that today . This is Hardball only on msnbc . We 're back with Republican strategist Ed Rogers and Harball political analyst Bob Shrum . Let 's look at these Hillary numbers . I find them fascinating . Favorability fifty three percent in our latest gallop poll . Unfavorable forty - three . In other words she starts the race Bob with a pretty high negative . Oh yeah but I think for
Okay we 're going to go back and look at Hillary 's numbers which I find fascinating . They 're probably bad news for Hillary supporters . We 'll be right back with Ed Rogers and Bob Shrum . Stay with us . When we return , could there be a unity ticket in the presidential race of two thousand eight ? We 've a little buzz about that today . This is Hardball only on msnbc . We 're back with Republican strategist Ed Rogers and Harball political analyst Bob Shrum . Let 's look at these Hillary numbers . I find them fascinating . Favorability fifty three percent in our latest gallop poll . Unfavorable forty - three . In other words she starts the race Bob with a pretty high negative . Oh yeah but I think for her to have a ten point advantage favorable unfavorable and the fact that she 's running a race with McCain and is as close as
Okay we 're going to go back and look at Hillary 's numbers which I find fascinating . They 're probably bad news for Hillary supporters . We 'll be right back with Ed Rogers and Bob Shrum . Stay with us . When we return , could there be a unity ticket in the presidential race of two thousand eight ? We 've a little buzz about that today . This is Hardball only on msnbc . We 're back with Republican strategist Ed Rogers and Harball political analyst Bob Shrum . Let 's look at these Hillary numbers . I find them fascinating . Favorability fifty three percent in our latest gallop poll . Unfavorable forty - three . In other words she starts the race Bob with a pretty high negative . Oh yeah but I think for her to have a ten point advantage favorable unfavorable and the fact that she 's running a race with McCain and is as close as she is in this poll I think it 's fifty forty - five tells you that
Okay we 're going to go back and look at Hillary 's numbers which I find fascinating . They 're probably bad news for Hillary supporters . We 'll be right back with Ed Rogers and Bob Shrum . Stay with us . When we return , could there be a unity ticket in the presidential race of two thousand eight ? We 've a little buzz about that today . This is Hardball only on msnbc . We 're back with Republican strategist Ed Rogers and Harball political analyst Bob Shrum . Let 's look at these Hillary numbers . I find them fascinating . Favorability fifty three percent in our latest gallop poll . Unfavorable forty - three . In other words she starts the race Bob with a pretty high negative . Oh yeah but I think for her to have a ten point advantage favorable unfavorable and the fact that she 's running a race with McCain and is as close as she is in this poll I think it 's fifty forty - five tells you that she 's actually a strong candidate . Now I do n't think that
Okay we 're going to go back and look at Hillary 's numbers which I find fascinating . They 're probably bad news for Hillary supporters . We 'll be right back with Ed Rogers and Bob Shrum . Stay with us . When we return , could there be a unity ticket in the presidential race of two thousand eight ? We 've a little buzz about that today . This is Hardball only on msnbc . We 're back with Republican strategist Ed Rogers and Harball political analyst Bob Shrum . Let 's look at these Hillary numbers . I find them fascinating . Favorability fifty three percent in our latest gallop poll . Unfavorable forty - three . In other words she starts the race Bob with a pretty high negative . Oh yeah but I think for her to have a ten point advantage favorable unfavorable and the fact that she 's running a race with McCain and is as close as she is in this poll I think it 's fifty forty - five tells you that she 's actually a strong candidate . Now I do n't think that she probably appreciates Ed Rogers ' quasi-endorsement . . it kind of reminds of when ? . It kind of reminds me of when John McCain said to me in two thousand please stop saying nice things about me . it 's hurting me in the Republican primaries . Right . Uh but I uh ? . Do you think
Okay we 're going to go back and look at Hillary 's numbers which I find fascinating . They 're probably bad news for Hillary supporters . We 'll be right back with Ed Rogers and Bob Shrum . Stay with us . When we return , could there be a unity ticket in the presidential race of two thousand eight ? We 've a little buzz about that today . This is Hardball only on msnbc . We 're back with Republican strategist Ed Rogers and Harball political analyst Bob Shrum . Let 's look at these Hillary numbers . I find them fascinating . Favorability fifty three percent in our latest gallop poll . Unfavorable forty - three . In other words she starts the race Bob with a pretty high negative . Oh yeah but I think for her to have a ten point advantage favorable unfavorable and the fact that she 's running a race with McCain and is as close as she is in this poll I think it 's fifty forty - five tells you that she 's actually a strong candidate . Now I do n't think that she probably appreciates Ed Rogers ' quasi-endorsement . . it kind of reminds of when ? . It kind of reminds me of when John McCain said to me in two thousand please stop saying nice things about me . it 's hurting me in the Republican primaries . Right . Uh but I uh ? . Do you think she 's the strongest Democratic candidate for two thousand and eight Bob Shrum ? I think we do n't know the answer to that yet . But I know this that and you 'll remember this Chris there were a lot of people in the Carter campaign in nineteen eighty who when they thought Ronald Reagan was going to be the nominee were popping champagne corks because they thought he was easy to beat . I know . The truth is he was n't easy to beat . She is a tough smart resourceful politician with a sense of where she 'd like to take the country . And I think
Okay we 're going to go back and look at Hillary 's numbers which I find fascinating . They 're probably bad news for Hillary supporters . We 'll be right back with Ed Rogers and Bob Shrum . Stay with us . When we return , could there be a unity ticket in the presidential race of two thousand eight ? We 've a little buzz about that today . This is Hardball only on msnbc . We 're back with Republican strategist Ed Rogers and Harball political analyst Bob Shrum . Let 's look at these Hillary numbers . I find them fascinating . Favorability fifty three percent in our latest gallop poll . Unfavorable forty - three . In other words she starts the race Bob with a pretty high negative . Oh yeah but I think for her to have a ten point advantage favorable unfavorable and the fact that she 's running a race with McCain and is as close as she is in this poll I think it 's fifty forty - five tells you that she 's actually a strong candidate . Now I do n't think that she probably appreciates Ed Rogers ' quasi-endorsement . . it kind of reminds of when ? . It kind of reminds me of when John McCain said to me in two thousand please stop saying nice things about me . it 's hurting me in the Republican primaries . Right . Uh but I uh ? . Do you think she 's the strongest Democratic candidate for two thousand and eight Bob Shrum ? I think we do n't know the answer to that yet . But I know this that and you 'll remember this Chris there were a lot of people in the Carter campaign in nineteen eighty who when they thought Ronald Reagan was going to be the nominee were popping champagne corks because they thought he was easy to beat . I know . The truth is he was n't easy to beat . She is a tough smart resourceful politician with a sense of where she 'd like to take the country . And I think she 'd be a very strong candidate . Ed Rogers do you think Hillary Clinton could take uh the beefier uh industrial states where the men have votes and guns and tend to like traditional women like Michigan like Illinois like Pennsylvania ? Yeah . Do you think they would like Hillary Clinton the cut of her jib out there ? I ca n't think of a red state that is threatened . I mean some of the blue states I 'm talking about . Eh uh probably not . I mean
Okay let 's go to Sherrod Brown . Thank you congressman . uh I think the Secretary of State of your state seems like he 's trashing George Bush who 's running a half trillion dollar deficit for not being a real conservative . Yeah I look at who conservatives really are . what I always learned was that they wanted smaller government uh not no national debt and they wanted to stay out of foreign entanglements . and we 're seeing exactly the opposite . But what happened in southwest Ohio Secretary Blackwell 's right . it 's a wake - up call with a message . I do n't know what Mike Dukakis has to do with it . But the message clearly is that the ethical problems in Columbus the ties of this candidate that barely squeaked through this election when George Bush carried that district two to one and the former congressman carried it almost three to one the ties she had to Secretary Blackwell to Governor Taft to President Bush ? President Bush made rowboat calls in to every Republican voter in that district . and
and here 's one of the questions that was asked . And I ask you this from the bottom of my heart for a solution to this because it seems that our major media networks do n't want to portray the good . They just want to focus ? Okay hold on a second . They just want to focus on another car bomb . or they just want to focus on some more bloodshed . Does that issue work that it 's the mainstream media that 's distorting the good news that 's coming out of Iraq ? I think it helps with the republican base . but I do n't think it helps with swing voters at all . First of all it 's the nature of news . I mean on the evening news at night a car that is n't in a wreck is n't in the news . A house that does n't burn a building that does n't burn a killing that does n't take place . News is the aberration is the change from normalcy . Secondly uh eighty journalists so far have been killed over there . Um I mean I mean getting out there and looking around wandering around Iraq looking for good news sounds to me like a good way to get killed . And then the third thing is that I do n't know if they really want to try to sell this because people do n't think uh that everything 's fine . I think this is just an extenuation of holding the banner that says mission accomplished . The people do n't think it 's well . They can see that it 's not going well . And what happens in fifteen provinces does n't matter . if they think that this thing is just really going to hell in a handbasket um I mean you know that 's that . David Broder ? The ombudsman at The Post Deborah Howell has a very thoughtful analysis of this question in the paper today which I would refer people to . I think the answer is that when there is this level of violence and turmoil in a country that has to be the heart of the story that the press is telling . The other parts of it do get told . but they do not dominate the news . and they ca n't dominate the news given the realities of that country . Nor should they dominate the news . It 's a very weak argument . when you have as Charlie said journalists over there who can not move around the country to report because they know that they 're in danger of being killed at any moment that tells you about the state of security in the country . It 's not good . The White House ? the other thing that 's interesting what you did n't show was the President 's response to
Does that issue work that it 's the mainstream media that 's distorting the good news that 's coming out of Iraq ? I think it helps with the republican base . but I do n't think it helps with swing voters at all . First of all it 's the nature of news . I mean on the evening news at night a car that is n't in a wreck is n't in the news . A house that does n't burn a building that does n't burn a killing that does n't take place . News is the aberration is the change from normalcy . Secondly uh eighty journalists so far have been killed over there . Um I mean I mean getting out there and looking around wandering around Iraq looking for good news sounds to me like a good way to get killed . And then the third thing is that I do n't know if they really want to try to sell this because people do n't think uh that everything 's fine . I think this is just an extenuation of holding the banner that says mission accomplished . The people do n't think it 's well . They can see that it 's not going well . And what happens in fifteen provinces does n't matter . if they think that this thing is just really going to hell in a handbasket um I mean you know that 's that . David Broder ? The ombudsman at The Post Deborah Howell has a very thoughtful analysis of this question in the paper today which I would refer people to . I think the answer is that when there is this level of violence and turmoil in a country that has to be the heart of the story that the press is telling . The other parts of it do get told . but they do not dominate the news . and they ca n't dominate the news given the realities of that country . Nor should they dominate the news . It 's a very weak argument . when you have as Charlie said journalists over there who can not move around the country to report because they know that they 're in danger of being killed at any moment that tells you about the state of security in the country . It 's not good . The White House ? the other thing that 's interesting what you did n't show was the President 's response to her . I was there that day . and he was very very careful not to jump on her bandwagon . In fact uh I mean obviously he did n't have to . She did it for him . but the point is he said look , wait a minute . You know um I understand your frustration . but um we have a free press in this country . We ca n't tell them what to do .
You mentioned you 're fifty one . and I 'm curious if it 's time for a career change . We 've discussed uh uh future options for you on this program . Here was the headline all across the paper . NFL commisioner Paul Tagliabue step down in July . and here 's our conversations in two thousand one two three and four on this subject . In your next life you want to be commisioner of the NFL ? Right . I think the NFL is really a terrific institution . and I 'd love to be associated with it one day . Another first ? Uh Tim I 'm going off to be commisioner of NFL . remember ? I think Paul Tagliabue 's doing a fine job as NFL commisioner . but um I look forward to uh the day that he decides to retire . and uh I very much think that the the best job in America 's got to be NFL commisioner . You just announced your candidacy . I still think the best job in America may be NFL commisioner . It 's a little too soon for me . I 've got lots to do as Secretary of State . and I think my ship came in . It 's going to have to leave the port without me . So you 're not interested ? No not interested . Now Fred Barns a reporter uh uh has close ties to the eh sources to the White House wrote this in the Wall Street Journal the other day . A third time for Bush the president 's most spectacular move would be to annoint a presidential successor . This would require Vice President Cheney to resign . His replacement ? Condoleezza Rice who Mister Bush regards highly . We 've got a great vice president of the United States in uh Vice President Cheney . Uh he is uh doing a fantastic job for the president and uh for the country . Um he is really one of the strongest uh supporters that uh I 've drawn on from time to time . and uh he 's doing a great job . I think I 'd better try to be Secretary of St- ? You just gave a whole list of things I have to work on as Secretary of State . But if the President came to you and said Dick Cheney 's going to resign I want you to be my vice president because I want you to run in two thousand eight you would n't say no . Tim ah I think we 've been through this conversation about two thousand and eight . I 'm not going to do that . That 's not what I want to do with my life . Laura Bush said you 'd make an excellent president and I do n't think we can talk
Coming next , David Broder Elisabeth Bumiller Charlie Cook John Harwood interpret the Washington political landscape tackle the issue of immigration and look at the midterm elections in two thousand six . Right here on Meet the Press . The politics of immigration Iraq and the midterm congressional elections . David Broder Elisabeth Bumiller Charlie Cook John Harwood a round table after this station break . And we are back . Welcome all . Immigration . Look at these scenes and these pictures from Los Angeles . Five hundred thousand people according to police estimates turned out to protest some of the immigration reforms that are being discussed debated perhaps legislated in Washington . David Broder how big of a political issue is immigration . and what are the potential pitfalls for politicians as they try to navigate the issue ? It started as a border issue in uh states that have common boundaries with Mexico particularly . Uh it has now become a national issue . Talking to Republican Governor of Minnesota it 's a big issue in his state . Suburban Illinois districts now find large Hispanic populations . It has become a much tougher issue for politicians of both parties but particularly I think for Republicans . The polling we have seen with the Wall Street Journal NBC eighty - eight percent say it 's a serious problem . sixty - two percent say that illegal immigrants should not be allowed to become citizens . and sixty percent say that we should n't even give them guest worker status to come here temporarily . Elisabeth Bumiller you wrote a piece in the New York Times quote Bush is facing a difficult path on immigration talking about the joint pressures on President Bush from the business community we need these people to work because Americans wo n't do the jobs and the conservative community saying illegal immigrants get them out . What does he do ? He 's trying to uh thread the needle and walk a very fine line between both of these groups . I mean inches
in the early days of this debate in two thousand four he was giving very emotional speeches about America the land of immigrants . and he was proposing what many Republicans said was a very generous guest worker program . Um he has pulled back a lot now ah under onslaught from conservatives . and now he 's emphasizing the border security part of his plan . He 's trying to do both . as we know there 's a lot of different proposals on the hill right now . We 'll see some of them next week . Um the White House is hanging back waiting to see what comes out of the smoke . and then we 'll weigh in . Charlie Cook it appears that the American people have very firm views about immigration and that the President and other politicians are kind of trying to nuance the issue . Is that possible ? Well it 's a funny issue . If you ask me what 's the most important problem facing the country it 's a small single digit issue . but then once you raise it boy emotions run high . and it 's hard to split the baby . and I can see where the president 's trying to go the let 's build a wall or build a barrier stop illegal immigration . But for the people we have we got to mainstream them and keep this workforce going because that 's important for agribusiness and business . Is that politically acceptable to conservatives ? Eh it 's not acceptable to anybody . but it 's the only way I think ? I mean they 're going to have to figure out a way to split the baby because one way or the other is just not going to work . John ? Well let 's do n't forget Tim Democrats are also split on this issue . Lot of African - Americans are not very sympathetic with the cause of the guest worker program . Uh the White House Elisabeth mentioned trying to thread the needle one of the things they were looking at is trying to push the final resolution of this until after the midterm election . That also could happen on some budget issues as well as a way of trying to make some sort of common cause between moderate Democrats and moderate Republicans . You know in two thousand Florida Florida Florida . Two thousand four Ohio Ohio Ohio . You look at two thousand eight that electoral college map . and you look at states like New Mexico and Arizona and Colorado some real potential swing states . And this issue could be very decisive as we play it through . Well let 's do n't forget one other thing Tim . This was raised in the Virginia governor 's race last year by the republican candidate who went after some of these job centers that attract illegal immigrants . Did n't work for
Speaking of debates and rivalries Roll Call Newspaper reports Senator Schumer that you and your fellow New York senator Hillary Clinton have such an intense rivalry that this week you and Harry Reid your Democratic leader rather tried to exclude
Speaking of debates and rivalries Roll Call Newspaper reports Senator Schumer that you and your fellow New York senator Hillary Clinton have such an intense rivalry that this week you and Harry Reid your Democratic leader rather tried to exclude her from a news conference to announce one of her pet issues . um Is it that intense the rivalry between you and Hillary Clinton ? No it 's absolutely journalistic chatter . Ted Kennedy 's been our leader on minimum wage . Hillary Clinton came up with a great idea Tie minimum wage to the pay increase . So why did n't you schedule the news conference when she could show up ? and Harry Reid ? As we did . And
Speaking of debates and rivalries Roll Call Newspaper reports Senator Schumer that you and your fellow New York senator Hillary Clinton have such an intense rivalry that this week you and Harry Reid your Democratic leader rather tried to exclude her from a news conference to announce one of her pet issues . um Is it that intense the rivalry between you and Hillary Clinton ? No it 's absolutely journalistic chatter . Ted Kennedy 's been our leader on minimum wage . Hillary Clinton came up with a great idea Tie minimum wage to the pay increase . So why did n't you schedule the news conference when she could show up ? and Harry Reid ? As we did . And she showed up . And then we had another one where she showed up . Harry Reid as our leader has done a very good thing here . He has said that as a party we 're going to support Hillary 's idea that there be no pay raise until there 's a minimum wage increase . And we 've had two news conferences . um with Hillary Ted Kennedy Harry and myself . It 's worked out extremely well . Let me cut to the chase here . If
And coming next freedom of the press versus national security . Our round table with radio host and author Bill Bennett William Safire of The New York Times Dana Priest of The Washington Post and John Harwood of The Wall Street Journal . All coming up on Meet the Press . Our round table on balancing press freedoms and national security after this brief station break . Welcome all . Well first the firestorm over leaks . uh For years the President and the Treasury have been trumpeting their success in following terror money . So Bill Bennett what is the harm in what The New York Times and other newspapers did last week in publishing their stories ? Well there are a lot of people who are saying there 's a lot of harm . Ask the Undersecretary of the Treasury Stuart Levy who is very upset about it . Ask the Secretary of the Treasury departing secretary Secretary Snow . Ask Tom Kean and Lee Hamilton the co-chairmen of the Nine Eleven Commission . They 're not exactly Bush uh uh camp followers . Tom Kean said in an interview , he said , a very successful program which has been very successful in the war against terror has been lost compromised because of this . Well is n't it true that in fact this program was hinted at in the Nine Eleven Commission report ? And both NBC analyst Roger Cressey who is a former national security official and
NBC News `` In Depth '' tonight . Hillary Rodham Clinton made history today -- the first ever First Lady to be elected to public office and the world 's most exclusive club -- the U.S. Senate . After spending most of her life in support of her husband 's political career , watching him get sworn in over and over again it was his turn today to watch from the sidelines as she took the oath of office . Our `` In Depth '' report tonight , from NBC 's Andrea Mitchell . She is first among equals , America 's first First Lady politician . Will you raise your right hand -- 97th in seniority , but when the oath is later re-enacted for all the senators , she jumps to the head of the line , even ahead of Republican leader Trent Lott -- `` security concerns '' for her husband , officials claim . For this political wife , friends say , a dream come true . Today
NBC News `` In Depth '' tonight . Hillary Rodham Clinton made history today -- the first ever First Lady to be elected to public office and the world 's most exclusive club -- the U.S. Senate . After spending most of her life in support of her husband 's political career , watching him get sworn in over and over again it was his turn today to watch from the sidelines as she took the oath of office . Our `` In Depth '' report tonight , from NBC 's Andrea Mitchell . She is first among equals , America 's first First Lady politician . Will you raise your right hand -- 97th in seniority , but when the oath is later re-enacted for all the senators , she jumps to the head of the line , even ahead of Republican leader Trent Lott -- `` security concerns '' for her husband , officials claim . For this political wife , friends say , a dream come true . Today he holds the Bible for her , trading places from when they first came to Washington eight years ago . From the health care fiasco to the Monica humiliation -- I did not have sexual relations with that woman , to the campaign many said
NBC News `` In Depth '' tonight . Hillary Rodham Clinton made history today -- the first ever First Lady to be elected to public office and the world 's most exclusive club -- the U.S. Senate . After spending most of her life in support of her husband 's political career , watching him get sworn in over and over again it was his turn today to watch from the sidelines as she took the oath of office . Our `` In Depth '' report tonight , from NBC 's Andrea Mitchell . She is first among equals , America 's first First Lady politician . Will you raise your right hand -- 97th in seniority , but when the oath is later re-enacted for all the senators , she jumps to the head of the line , even ahead of Republican leader Trent Lott -- `` security concerns '' for her husband , officials claim . For this political wife , friends say , a dream come true . Today he holds the Bible for her , trading places from when they first came to Washington eight years ago . From the health care fiasco to the Monica humiliation -- I did not have sexual relations with that woman , to the campaign many said she could never win , Hillary Clinton is now the most admired woman in America , beating Oprah by a landslide in the latest Gallup poll . I am thrilled . I could n't be more proud . I could not be more happy . I am very grateful to the people of New York , and I think
NBC News `` In Depth '' tonight . Hillary Rodham Clinton made history today -- the first ever First Lady to be elected to public office and the world 's most exclusive club -- the U.S. Senate . After spending most of her life in support of her husband 's political career , watching him get sworn in over and over again it was his turn today to watch from the sidelines as she took the oath of office . Our `` In Depth '' report tonight , from NBC 's Andrea Mitchell . She is first among equals , America 's first First Lady politician . Will you raise your right hand -- 97th in seniority , but when the oath is later re-enacted for all the senators , she jumps to the head of the line , even ahead of Republican leader Trent Lott -- `` security concerns '' for her husband , officials claim . For this political wife , friends say , a dream come true . Today he holds the Bible for her , trading places from when they first came to Washington eight years ago . From the health care fiasco to the Monica humiliation -- I did not have sexual relations with that woman , to the campaign many said she could never win , Hillary Clinton is now the most admired woman in America , beating Oprah by a landslide in the latest Gallup poll . I am thrilled . I could n't be more proud . I could not be more happy . I am very grateful to the people of New York , and I think she will do them proud . It was really a very moving moment for both of us . I kept looking at him in the gallery with my daughter , and , you know , it was very emotional for me . But how will she fit in among 99 other ambitious politicians ? The Senate has 100 people who think they can be President , and she is only one of them , but she is different . For instance , the senior senator from New York is hardly camera - shy . I 'll make you this promise -- I will do my best not to steal Hillary 's limelight . And while Chuck Schumer bunks on work nights with three fellow congressmen in this rowhouse and other freshmen senators rent small apartments -- I got two bedrooms and a sofa bed so my children can come when they feel like it , Hillary and her husband buy a new $ 2.8 million mansion .
NBC News `` In Depth '' tonight . Hillary Rodham Clinton made history today -- the first ever First Lady to be elected to public office and the world 's most exclusive club -- the U.S. Senate . After spending most of her life in support of her husband 's political career , watching him get sworn in over and over again it was his turn today to watch from the sidelines as she took the oath of office . Our `` In Depth '' report tonight , from NBC 's Andrea Mitchell . She is first among equals , America 's first First Lady politician . Will you raise your right hand -- 97th in seniority , but when the oath is later re-enacted for all the senators , she jumps to the head of the line , even ahead of Republican leader Trent Lott -- `` security concerns '' for her husband , officials claim . For this political wife , friends say , a dream come true . Today he holds the Bible for her , trading places from when they first came to Washington eight years ago . From the health care fiasco to the Monica humiliation -- I did not have sexual relations with that woman , to the campaign many said she could never win , Hillary Clinton is now the most admired woman in America , beating Oprah by a landslide in the latest Gallup poll . I am thrilled . I could n't be more proud . I could not be more happy . I am very grateful to the people of New York , and I think she will do them proud . It was really a very moving moment for both of us . I kept looking at him in the gallery with my daughter , and , you know , it was very emotional for me . But how will she fit in among 99 other ambitious politicians ? The Senate has 100 people who think they can be President , and she is only one of them , but she is different . For instance , the senior senator from New York is hardly camera - shy . I 'll make you this promise -- I will do my best not to steal Hillary 's limelight . And while Chuck Schumer bunks on work nights with three fellow congressmen in this rowhouse and other freshmen senators rent small apartments -- I got two bedrooms and a sofa bed so my children can come when they feel like it , Hillary and her husband buy a new $ 2.8 million mansion . She needs an address , and I 'd like to have someplace to come see her . Friends even register her china , a soup tureen goes for more than $ 2,000 , but now that she 's sworn in , Senate ethics rules forbid gifts worth more than $ 100 . She 'll have to rely on her husband 's earnings and
This is the family history of Jesus Christ . He came from the family of David and from the family of Abraham . Abraham was the father of Isaac . Isaac was the father of Jacob . Jacob was the father of Judah and his brothers . Judah was the father of Perez and Zerah . -LRB- Their mother was Tamar . -RRB- Perez was the father of Hezron . Hezron was the father of Ram . Ram was the father of Amminadab . Amminadab was the father of Nahshon . Nahshon was the father of Salmon . Salmon was the father of Boaz . -LRB- His mother was Rahab . -RRB- Boaz was the father of Obed . -LRB- His mother was Ruth . -RRB- Obed was the father of Jesse . Jesse was the father of King David . David was the father of Solomon . -LRB- His mother had been Uriah 's wife . -RRB- Solomon was the father of Rehoboam . Rehoboam was the father of Abijah . Abijah was the father of Asa . Asa was the father of Jehoshaphat . Jehoshaphat was the father of Jehoram . Jehoram was the father of Uzziah . Uzziah was the father of Jotham . Jotham was the father of Ahaz . Ahaz was the father of Hezekiah . Hezekiah was the father of Manasseh . Manasseh was the father of Amon . Amon was the father of Josiah . Josiah was the grandfather of Jehoiachin and his brothers , who lived during the time that the people were taken away to Babylon . After they were taken to Babylon : Jehoiachin was the father of Shealtiel . Shealtiel was the grandfather of Zerubbabel . Zerubbabel was the father of Abiud . Abiud was the father of Eliakim . Eliakim was the father of Azor . Azor was the father of Zadok . Zadok was the father of Achim . Achim was the father of Eliud . Eliud was the father of Eleazar . Eleazar was the father of Matthan . Matthan was the father of Jacob . Jacob was the father of Joseph . Joseph was the husband of Mary , and Mary was the mother of Jesus , who is called the Christ . So there were fourteen generations from Abraham to David . There were also fourteen generations from David until the people were taken away to Babylon . And there were fourteen more from the time the people were taken to Babylon until Christ was born . This is how the birth of Jesus Christ happened . His mother Mary was engaged to marry Joseph . But before they married , he learned that she was expecting a baby . -LRB-
Jacob was the father of Judah and his brothers . Judah was the father of Perez and Zerah . -LRB- Their mother was Tamar . -RRB- Perez was the father of Hezron . Hezron was the father of Ram . Ram was the father of Amminadab . Amminadab was the father of Nahshon . Nahshon was the father of Salmon . Salmon was the father of Boaz . -LRB- His mother was Rahab . -RRB- Boaz was the father of Obed . -LRB- His mother was Ruth . -RRB- Obed was the father of Jesse . Jesse was the father of King David . David was the father of Solomon . -LRB- His mother had been Uriah 's wife . -RRB- Solomon was the father of Rehoboam . Rehoboam was the father of Abijah . Abijah was the father of Asa . Asa was the father of Jehoshaphat . Jehoshaphat was the father of Jehoram . Jehoram was the father of Uzziah . Uzziah was the father of Jotham . Jotham was the father of Ahaz . Ahaz was the father of Hezekiah . Hezekiah was the father of Manasseh . Manasseh was the father of Amon . Amon was the father of Josiah . Josiah was the grandfather of Jehoiachin and his brothers , who lived during the time that the people were taken away to Babylon . After they were taken to Babylon : Jehoiachin was the father of Shealtiel . Shealtiel was the grandfather of Zerubbabel . Zerubbabel was the father of Abiud . Abiud was the father of Eliakim . Eliakim was the father of Azor . Azor was the father of Zadok . Zadok was the father of Achim . Achim was the father of Eliud . Eliud was the father of Eleazar . Eleazar was the father of Matthan . Matthan was the father of Jacob . Jacob was the father of Joseph . Joseph was the husband of Mary , and Mary was the mother of Jesus , who is called the Christ . So there were fourteen generations from Abraham to David . There were also fourteen generations from David until the people were taken away to Babylon . And there were fourteen more from the time the people were taken to Babylon until Christ was born . This is how the birth of Jesus Christ happened . His mother Mary was engaged to marry Joseph . But before they married , he learned that she was expecting a baby . -LRB- She was pregnant by the power of the Holy Spirit . -RRB- Mary 's husband , Joseph , was a good man . He did not want to cause her public disgrace , so he planned to divorce her secretly . But after Joseph thought about this , an angel from the Lord came to him in a dream . The angel said , `` Joseph , son of David , do n't be afraid to accept Mary to be your wife . The baby inside
-LRB- His mother had been Uriah 's wife . -RRB- Solomon was the father of Rehoboam . Rehoboam was the father of Abijah . Abijah was the father of Asa . Asa was the father of Jehoshaphat . Jehoshaphat was the father of Jehoram . Jehoram was the father of Uzziah . Uzziah was the father of Jotham . Jotham was the father of Ahaz . Ahaz was the father of Hezekiah . Hezekiah was the father of Manasseh . Manasseh was the father of Amon . Amon was the father of Josiah . Josiah was the grandfather of Jehoiachin and his brothers , who lived during the time that the people were taken away to Babylon . After they were taken to Babylon : Jehoiachin was the father of Shealtiel . Shealtiel was the grandfather of Zerubbabel . Zerubbabel was the father of Abiud . Abiud was the father of Eliakim . Eliakim was the father of Azor . Azor was the father of Zadok . Zadok was the father of Achim . Achim was the father of Eliud . Eliud was the father of Eleazar . Eleazar was the father of Matthan . Matthan was the father of Jacob . Jacob was the father of Joseph . Joseph was the husband of Mary , and Mary was the mother of Jesus , who is called the Christ . So there were fourteen generations from Abraham to David . There were also fourteen generations from David until the people were taken away to Babylon . And there were fourteen more from the time the people were taken to Babylon until Christ was born . This is how the birth of Jesus Christ happened . His mother Mary was engaged to marry Joseph . But before they married , he learned that she was expecting a baby . -LRB- She was pregnant by the power of the Holy Spirit . -RRB- Mary 's husband , Joseph , was a good man . He did not want to cause her public disgrace , so he planned to divorce her secretly . But after Joseph thought about this , an angel from the Lord came to him in a dream . The angel said , `` Joseph , son of David , do n't be afraid to accept Mary to be your wife . The baby inside her is from the Holy Spirit . She will give birth to a son . You will name him Jesus . Give him that name because he will save his people from their sins . '' All this happened to make clear the full meaning of what the Lord said through the prophet : `` The virgin will be pregnant and will give birth to a son . They will name him Immanuel . '' -LRB- Immanuel means `` God with us . '' -RRB- When Joseph woke up , he did what the Lord 's angel told him to do . He married Mary . But Joseph did not have sexual relations with
`` You have heard that it was said , ' You must not commit adultery . ' But I tell you that if a man looks at a woman and wants to sin sexually with her , he has already committed that sin with her in his mind . If your right eye makes you sin , take it out and throw it away . It is better to lose one part of your body than to have your whole body thrown into hell . If your right hand makes you sin , cut it off and throw it away . It is better to lose one part of your body than for your whole body to go into hell . `` It was also said , ' Any man who divorces his wife must give
Jesus came down from the hill , and a large crowd followed him . Then a man sick with leprosy came to him . The man bowed down before Jesus and said , `` Lord , you have the power to heal me if you want . '' Jesus touched the man . He said , `` I want to heal you . Be healed ! '' Immediately the man was healed from his leprosy . Then Jesus said to him , `` Do n't tell anyone about what happened . But go and let the priest look at you . And offer the gift that Moses commanded for people who are made well . This will show everyone that you are healed . '' Jesus went to the city of Capernaum . When he entered the city , an army officer came to him and begged for help . The officer said , `` Lord , my servant is very sick at home in bed . He ca n't move his body and has much pain . '' Jesus said to the officer , `` I will go and heal him . '' The officer answered , `` Lord , I am not good enough for you to come into my house . You need only to give the order , and my servant will be healed . I know this , because I understand authority . There are people who have authority over me , and I have soldiers under my authority . I tell one soldier , ' Go , ' and he goes . I tell another soldier , ' Come , ' and he comes . I say to my servant , ' Do this , ' and my servant obeys me . '' When Jesus heard this , he was amazed . He said to those who were with him , `` The truth is , this man has more faith than anyone I have found , even in Israel . Many people will come from the east and from the west . These people will sit and eat with Abraham , Isaac , and Jacob in God 's kingdom . And those who should have the kingdom will be thrown out . They will be thrown outside into the darkness , where people will cry and grind their teeth with pain . '' Then Jesus said to the officer , `` Go home . Your servant will be healed the way you believed he would . '' Right then his servant was healed . Jesus went to Peter 's house . He saw that Peter 's mother - in - law was in bed with a high fever .
Why do I say this ? Because when Jonah preached to those people , they changed their lives . And you are listening to someone greater than Jonah , but you refuse to change ! `` On the judgment day , you people who live now will also be compared with the Queen of the South , and she will be a witness who shows how guilty you are . I say this because
About that time , Herod , the ruler of Galilee , heard what the people were saying about Jesus . So he said to his servants , `` This man is really John the Baptizer . He must have risen from death , and that is why he can do these miracles . '' Before this time , Herod had arrested John . He had him chained and put in prison . He arrested John because of Herodias , the wife of Philip , Herod 's brother . John had told him , `` It is not right for you to be married to Herodias . '' Herod wanted to kill him , but he was afraid of the people . They believed that John was a prophet . On Herod 's birthday , the daughter of Herodias danced for
About that time , Herod , the ruler of Galilee , heard what the people were saying about Jesus . So he said to his servants , `` This man is really John the Baptizer . He must have risen from death , and that is why he can do these miracles . '' Before this time , Herod had arrested John . He had him chained and put in prison . He arrested John because of Herodias , the wife of Philip , Herod 's brother . John had told him , `` It is not right for you to be married to Herodias . '' Herod wanted to kill him , but he was afraid of the people . They believed that John was a prophet . On Herod 's birthday , the daughter of Herodias danced for him and his group . Herod was very pleased with
About that time , Herod , the ruler of Galilee , heard what the people were saying about Jesus . So he said to his servants , `` This man is really John the Baptizer . He must have risen from death , and that is why he can do these miracles . '' Before this time , Herod had arrested John . He had him chained and put in prison . He arrested John because of Herodias , the wife of Philip , Herod 's brother . John had told him , `` It is not right for you to be married to Herodias . '' Herod wanted to kill him , but he was afraid of the people . They believed that John was a prophet . On Herod 's birthday , the daughter of Herodias danced for him and his group . Herod was very pleased with her . So he promised that he would give her anything she wanted . Herodias told her daughter what to ask for . So she said to Herod , `` Give me the head of John the Baptizer here on this plate . '' King Herod was very sad . But he had promised to give the daughter anything she wanted . And the people eating with Herod had heard his promise . So he ordered what she asked to be done . He sent men to the prison , where they cut off John 's head . And the men brought John 's head on a plate and gave it to the girl . Then she took the head to
Then the followers came to Jesus and asked , `` Do you know that the Pharisees are upset about what you said ? '' Jesus answered , `` Every plant that my Father in heaven has not planted will be pulled up by the roots . Stay away from the Pharisees . They lead the people , but they are like blind men leading other blind men . And if a blind man leads another blind man , both of them will fall into a ditch . '' Peter said , `` Explain to us what you said earlier to the people . '' Jesus said , `` Do you still have trouble understanding ? Surely you know that all the food that enters the mouth goes into the stomach . Then it goes out of the body . But the bad things people say with their mouth come from the way they think . And that 's what can make people wrong . All these bad things begin in the mind : evil thoughts , murder , adultery , sexual sins , stealing , lying , and insulting people . These are the things that make people wrong . Eating without washing their hands will never make people unacceptable to God . '' Jesus went from there to the area of Tyre and Sidon . A Canaanite woman from that area came out and began shouting , `` Lord , Son of David , please help me ! My daughter has a demon inside her , and she is suffering very much . '' But Jesus did not answer
Then the followers came to Jesus and asked , `` Do you know that the Pharisees are upset about what you said ? '' Jesus answered , `` Every plant that my Father in heaven has not planted will be pulled up by the roots . Stay away from the Pharisees . They lead the people , but they are like blind men leading other blind men . And if a blind man leads another blind man , both of them will fall into a ditch . '' Peter said , `` Explain to us what you said earlier to the people . '' Jesus said , `` Do you still have trouble understanding ? Surely you know that all the food that enters the mouth goes into the stomach . Then it goes out of the body . But the bad things people say with their mouth come from the way they think . And that 's what can make people wrong . All these bad things begin in the mind : evil thoughts , murder , adultery , sexual sins , stealing , lying , and insulting people . These are the things that make people wrong . Eating without washing their hands will never make people unacceptable to God . '' Jesus went from there to the area of Tyre and Sidon . A Canaanite woman from that area came out and began shouting , `` Lord , Son of David , please help me ! My daughter has a demon inside her , and she is suffering very much . '' But Jesus did not answer her . So the followers came to him and said , `` Tell her to go away . She keeps crying out and will not leave us alone . '' Jesus answered , `` God sent me only to the lost people of Israel . '' Then the woman came over to Jesus and bowed before him . She said , `` Lord , help me ! ''
Jesus was going to Jerusalem . His twelve followers were with him . While they were walking , he gathered the followers together and spoke to them privately . He said to them , `` We are going to Jerusalem . The Son of Man will be handed over to the leading priests and the teachers of the law , and they will say he must die . They will hand him over to the foreigners , who will laugh at him and beat him with whips , and then they will kill him on a cross . But on the third day after his death , he will be raised to life again . '' Then Zebedee 's wife came to Jesus and brought
Jesus and his followers were coming closer to Jerusalem . But first they stopped at Bethphage at the hill called the Mount of Olives . From there Jesus sent two of his followers into town . He said to them , `` Go to the town you can see there . When you enter it , you will find a donkey with her colt . Untie them both , and bring them to me . If anyone asks you why you are taking the donkeys , tell them , ' The Master needs them .
Jesus and his followers were coming closer to Jerusalem . But first they stopped at Bethphage at the hill called the Mount of Olives . From there Jesus sent two of his followers into town . He said to them , `` Go to the town you can see there . When you enter it , you will find a donkey with her colt . Untie them both , and bring them to me . If anyone asks you why you are taking the donkeys , tell them , ' The Master needs them . He will send them back soon . ' '' This showed the full meaning of what the prophet said : `` Tell the people of Zion , ' Now your king is coming to you . He is humble and riding on a donkey . He is riding on a young donkey , born from a work animal . ' '' The followers went and did what Jesus told them to do . They brought the mother donkey and the young donkey to
After Jesus finished saying all these things , he said to his followers , `` You know that the day after tomorrow is Passover . On that day the Son of Man will be handed over to his enemies to be killed on a cross . '' Then the leading priests and the older Jewish leaders had a meeting at the palace where the high priest lived . The high priest 's name was Caiaphas . In the meeting they tried to find a way to arrest and kill Jesus without anyone knowing what they were doing . They planned to arrest Jesus and kill him . They said , `` We can not arrest Jesus during Passover . We do n't want the people to become angry and cause a riot . '' Jesus was in Bethany at the house of Simon the leper . While he was there , a woman came to
After Jesus finished saying all these things , he said to his followers , `` You know that the day after tomorrow is Passover . On that day the Son of Man will be handed over to his enemies to be killed on a cross . '' Then the leading priests and the older Jewish leaders had a meeting at the palace where the high priest lived . The high priest 's name was Caiaphas . In the meeting they tried to find a way to arrest and kill Jesus without anyone knowing what they were doing . They planned to arrest Jesus and kill him . They said , `` We can not arrest Jesus during Passover . We do n't want the people to become angry and cause a riot . '' Jesus was in Bethany at the house of Simon the leper . While he was there , a woman came to him . She had an alabaster jar filled with expensive perfume . She poured the perfume on Jesus ' head while he was eating . The followers saw the woman do this and were upset at her . They said , `` Why waste that perfume ? It could be sold for a lot of money , and the money could be given to those who are poor . '' But Jesus knew what happened . He said , `` Why are you bothering this woman ? She did a very good thing for me . You will always have the poor with you . But you will not always have me . This woman poured perfume on my body .
The men who arrested Jesus led him to the house of Caiaphas the high priest . The teachers of the law and the older Jewish leaders were gathered there . Peter followed Jesus but stayed back at a distance . He followed him to the yard of the high priest 's house . Peter went in and sat with the guards . He wanted to see what would happen to Jesus . The leading priests and the high council tried to find something against Jesus so that they could kill him . They tried to find people to lie and say that Jesus had done wrong . Many people came and told lies about him . But the council could find no real reason to kill him . Then two people came and said , `` This man said , ' I can destroy the Temple of God and build it again in three days . ' '' Then the high priest stood up and said to Jesus , `` Do n't you have anything to say about these charges against you ? Are they telling the truth ? '' But Jesus said nothing . Again the high priest said to Jesus , `` You are now under oath . I command you by the power of the living God to tell us the truth . Tell us , are you the Christ , the Son of God ? '' Jesus answered , `` Yes , that 's right . But I tell you , in the future you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right side of God . And you will see the Son of Man coming on the clouds of heaven . '' When the high priest heard this , he tore his clothes in anger . He said , `` This man has said things that insult God ! We do n't need any more witnesses . You all heard his insulting words . What do you think ? '' The Jewish leaders answered , `` He is guilty , and he must die . '' Then some there spit in Jesus ' face , and they hit him with their fists . Others slapped him . They said , `` Show us that you are a prophet , Christ ! Tell us who hit you ! '' While Peter was sitting outside in the yard , a servant girl came up to
The men who arrested Jesus led him to the house of Caiaphas the high priest . The teachers of the law and the older Jewish leaders were gathered there . Peter followed Jesus but stayed back at a distance . He followed him to the yard of the high priest 's house . Peter went in and sat with the guards . He wanted to see what would happen to Jesus . The leading priests and the high council tried to find something against Jesus so that they could kill him . They tried to find people to lie and say that Jesus had done wrong . Many people came and told lies about him . But the council could find no real reason to kill him . Then two people came and said , `` This man said , ' I can destroy the Temple of God and build it again in three days . ' '' Then the high priest stood up and said to Jesus , `` Do n't you have anything to say about these charges against you ? Are they telling the truth ? '' But Jesus said nothing . Again the high priest said to Jesus , `` You are now under oath . I command you by the power of the living God to tell us the truth . Tell us , are you the Christ , the Son of God ? '' Jesus answered , `` Yes , that 's right . But I tell you , in the future you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right side of God . And you will see the Son of Man coming on the clouds of heaven . '' When the high priest heard this , he tore his clothes in anger . He said , `` This man has said things that insult God ! We do n't need any more witnesses . You all heard his insulting words . What do you think ? '' The Jewish leaders answered , `` He is guilty , and he must die . '' Then some there spit in Jesus ' face , and they hit him with their fists . Others slapped him . They said , `` Show us that you are a prophet , Christ ! Tell us who hit you ! '' While Peter was sitting outside in the yard , a servant girl came up to him . She said , `` You were with Jesus , that man from Galilee . '' But Peter told everyone there that this was not true . `` I do n't know what you are talking about , ''
Jesus and his followers went to Capernaum . On the Sabbath day , Jesus went into the synagogue and taught the people . They were amazed at his teaching . He did not teach like their teachers of the law . He taught like someone with authority . While Jesus was in the synagogue , a man was there who had an evil spirit inside him . The man shouted , `` Jesus of Nazareth ! What do you want with us ? Did you come to destroy us ? I know who you are -- God 's Holy One ! '' Jesus , his voice full of warning , said , `` Be quiet , and come out of him ! '' The evil spirit made the man shake . Then the spirit made a loud noise and came out of him . The people were amazed . They asked each other , `` What is happening here ? This man is teaching something new , and he teaches with authority ! He even commands evil spirits , and they obey him . '' So the news about Jesus spread quickly everywhere in the area of Galilee . Jesus and the followers left the synagogue . They all went with James and John to the home of Simon and Andrew . Simon 's mother - in - law was very sick . She was in bed and had a fever . The people there told Jesus about
Jesus and his followers went to Capernaum . On the Sabbath day , Jesus went into the synagogue and taught the people . They were amazed at his teaching . He did not teach like their teachers of the law . He taught like someone with authority . While Jesus was in the synagogue , a man was there who had an evil spirit inside him . The man shouted , `` Jesus of Nazareth ! What do you want with us ? Did you come to destroy us ? I know who you are -- God 's Holy One ! '' Jesus , his voice full of warning , said , `` Be quiet , and come out of him ! '' The evil spirit made the man shake . Then the spirit made a loud noise and came out of him . The people were amazed . They asked each other , `` What is happening here ? This man is teaching something new , and he teaches with authority ! He even commands evil spirits , and they obey him . '' So the news about Jesus spread quickly everywhere in the area of Galilee . Jesus and the followers left the synagogue . They all went with James and John to the home of Simon and Andrew . Simon 's mother - in - law was very sick . She was in bed and had a fever . The people there told Jesus about her . So he went to her bed . Jesus held
He would scream and cut himself with rocks . While Jesus was still far away , the man saw him . He ran to Jesus and bowed down before him . As Jesus was saying , `` You evil spirit , come out of this man , '' the man shouted loudly , `` What do you want with me , Jesus , Son of the Most High God ? I beg you in God 's name not to punish me ! '' Then Jesus asked the man , `` What is your name ? '' The man answered , `` My name is Legion , because there are many spirits inside me . '' The spirits inside the man begged Jesus again and again not to send them out of that area . A large herd of pigs was eating on a hill near there . The evil spirits begged Jesus , `` Send us to the pigs . Let us go into them . '' So Jesus allowed them to do this . The evil spirits left the man and went into the pigs . Then the herd of pigs ran down the hill and into the lake . They were all drowned . There were about 2000 pigs in that herd . The men who had the work of caring for the pigs ran away . They ran to the town and to the farms and told everyone what happened . The people went out to see . They came to Jesus , and they saw the man who had the many evil spirits . He was sitting down and was wearing clothes . He was in his right mind again . When they saw this , they were afraid . Those who had seen what Jesus did told the others what happened to the man who had the demons living in him . And they also told about the pigs . Then the people began to beg Jesus to leave their area . Jesus was preparing to leave in the boat . The man who was now free from the demons begged to go with him . But Jesus did not allow the man to go . He said , `` Go home to your family and friends . Tell them about all that the Lord did for you . Tell them how the Lord was good to you . '' So the man left and told the people in the Ten Towns about the great things Jesus did for him . Everyone was amazed . Jesus went back to the other side of the lake in the boat . There , a large crowd of people gathered around him on the shore . A leader of the synagogue came . His name was Jairus . He saw Jesus and bowed down before him . He begged Jesus again and again , saying , `` My little daughter is dying . Please come and lay your hands on
So Jesus went with Jairus . Many people followed Jesus . They were pushing very close around him . There among the people was a woman who had been bleeding for the past twelve years . She had suffered very much . Many doctors had tried to help her , and all the money she had was spent , but she was not improving . In fact , her sickness was getting worse . The woman heard about Jesus , so
So Jesus went with Jairus . Many people followed Jesus . They were pushing very close around him . There among the people was a woman who had been bleeding for the past twelve years . She had suffered very much . Many doctors had tried to help her , and all the money she had was spent , but she was not improving . In fact , her sickness was getting worse . The woman heard about Jesus , so she followed him with the other people and touched his coat . She thought , `` If I can just touch
So Jesus went with Jairus . Many people followed Jesus . They were pushing very close around him . There among the people was a woman who had been bleeding for the past twelve years . She had suffered very much . Many doctors had tried to help her , and all the money she had was spent , but she was not improving . In fact , her sickness was getting worse . The woman heard about Jesus , so she followed him with the other people and touched his coat . She thought , `` If I can just touch his clothes , that will be enough to heal me . '' As soon as she touched his coat , her bleeding stopped . She felt that her body was healed from all the suffering . Jesus immediately felt power go out from him , so he stopped and turned around . `` Who touched my clothes ? '' he asked . The followers said to Jesus , `` There are so many people pushing against you . But you ask , ' Who touched me ? ' '' But Jesus continued looking for the one who touched
So Jesus went with Jairus . Many people followed Jesus . They were pushing very close around him . There among the people was a woman who had been bleeding for the past twelve years . She had suffered very much . Many doctors had tried to help her , and all the money she had was spent , but she was not improving . In fact , her sickness was getting worse . The woman heard about Jesus , so she followed him with the other people and touched his coat . She thought , `` If I can just touch his clothes , that will be enough to heal me . '' As soon as she touched his coat , her bleeding stopped . She felt that her body was healed from all the suffering . Jesus immediately felt power go out from him , so he stopped and turned around . `` Who touched my clothes ? '' he asked . The followers said to Jesus , `` There are so many people pushing against you . But you ask , ' Who touched me ? ' '' But Jesus continued looking for the one who touched him . The woman knew that she was healed , so she came and bowed at Jesus ' feet .
So Jesus went with Jairus . Many people followed Jesus . They were pushing very close around him . There among the people was a woman who had been bleeding for the past twelve years . She had suffered very much . Many doctors had tried to help her , and all the money she had was spent , but she was not improving . In fact , her sickness was getting worse . The woman heard about Jesus , so she followed him with the other people and touched his coat . She thought , `` If I can just touch his clothes , that will be enough to heal me . '' As soon as she touched his coat , her bleeding stopped . She felt that her body was healed from all the suffering . Jesus immediately felt power go out from him , so he stopped and turned around . `` Who touched my clothes ? '' he asked . The followers said to Jesus , `` There are so many people pushing against you . But you ask , ' Who touched me ? ' '' But Jesus continued looking for the one who touched him . The woman knew that she was healed , so she came and bowed at Jesus ' feet . She was shaking with fear . She told Jesus the whole story . He said to her , `` Dear woman , you are made well because you believed . Go in peace . You will not suffer anymore . '' While Jesus was still there speaking , some men came from the house of Jairus , the synagogue leader . They said , `` Your daughter is dead . There is no need to bother the Teacher . '' But Jesus did not care what the men said . He said to the synagogue leader , `` Do n't be afraid ; just believe . '' Jesus let only Peter , James , and John the brother of James go with him . They went to the synagogue leader 's house , where Jesus saw many people crying loudly . There was a lot of confusion . He entered the house and said , `` Why are you people crying and making so much noise ? This child is not dead . She is only sleeping . '' But everyone laughed at him . Jesus told the people to leave the house . Then he went into the room where the child was .
So Jesus went with Jairus . Many people followed Jesus . They were pushing very close around him . There among the people was a woman who had been bleeding for the past twelve years . She had suffered very much . Many doctors had tried to help her , and all the money she had was spent , but she was not improving . In fact , her sickness was getting worse . The woman heard about Jesus , so she followed him with the other people and touched his coat . She thought , `` If I can just touch his clothes , that will be enough to heal me . '' As soon as she touched his coat , her bleeding stopped . She felt that her body was healed from all the suffering . Jesus immediately felt power go out from him , so he stopped and turned around . `` Who touched my clothes ? '' he asked . The followers said to Jesus , `` There are so many people pushing against you . But you ask , ' Who touched me ? ' '' But Jesus continued looking for the one who touched him . The woman knew that she was healed , so she came and bowed at Jesus ' feet . She was shaking with fear . She told Jesus the whole story . He said to her , `` Dear woman , you are made well because you believed . Go in peace . You will not suffer anymore . '' While Jesus was still there speaking , some men came from the house of Jairus , the synagogue leader . They said , `` Your daughter is dead . There is no need to bother the Teacher . '' But Jesus did not care what the men said . He said to the synagogue leader , `` Do n't be afraid ; just believe . '' Jesus let only Peter , James , and John the brother of James go with him . They went to the synagogue leader 's house , where Jesus saw many people crying loudly . There was a lot of confusion . He entered the house and said , `` Why are you people crying and making so much noise ? This child is not dead . She is only sleeping . '' But everyone laughed at him . Jesus told the people to leave the house . Then he went into the room where the child was . He brought the child 's father and mother and
Herod heard these things about Jesus . He said , `` I killed John by cutting off his head . Now he has been raised from death ! '' Herod himself had ordered his soldiers to arrest John and put him in prison . Herod did this to please his wife Herodias . She had been married to Herod 's brother Philip , but then Herod married
Herod heard these things about Jesus . He said , `` I killed John by cutting off his head . Now he has been raised from death ! '' Herod himself had ordered his soldiers to arrest John and put him in prison . Herod did this to please his wife Herodias . She had been married to Herod 's brother Philip , but then Herod married her . John told Herod , `` It is not right for you to be married to your brother 's wife . '' So Herodias hated John .
Herod heard these things about Jesus . He said , `` I killed John by cutting off his head . Now he has been raised from death ! '' Herod himself had ordered his soldiers to arrest John and put him in prison . Herod did this to please his wife Herodias . She had been married to Herod 's brother Philip , but then Herod married her . John told Herod , `` It is not right for you to be married to your brother 's wife . '' So Herodias hated John . She wanted him dead , but she was not able to persuade Herod to kill him . Herod was afraid to kill John , because he knew that he was a good and holy man . So he protected him . He liked listening to John , although what John said left him with so many questions . Then the right time came for Herodias to cause John 's death . It happened on Herod 's birthday . Herod gave a dinner party for the most important government leaders , the commanders of his army , and the most important people in Galilee . The daughter of Herodias came to the party and danced . When she danced , Herod and the people eating with him were very pleased . So King Herod said to the girl , `` I will give you anything you want . ''
Herod heard these things about Jesus . He said , `` I killed John by cutting off his head . Now he has been raised from death ! '' Herod himself had ordered his soldiers to arrest John and put him in prison . Herod did this to please his wife Herodias . She had been married to Herod 's brother Philip , but then Herod married her . John told Herod , `` It is not right for you to be married to your brother 's wife . '' So Herodias hated John . She wanted him dead , but she was not able to persuade Herod to kill him . Herod was afraid to kill John , because he knew that he was a good and holy man . So he protected him . He liked listening to John , although what John said left him with so many questions . Then the right time came for Herodias to cause John 's death . It happened on Herod 's birthday . Herod gave a dinner party for the most important government leaders , the commanders of his army , and the most important people in Galilee . The daughter of Herodias came to the party and danced . When she danced , Herod and the people eating with him were very pleased . So King Herod said to the girl , `` I will give you anything you want . '' He promised her , `` Anything you ask for I will give to you -- even half of my kingdom . '' The girl went to her mother and asked , `` What should I ask King Herod to give me ? '' Her mother answered , `` Ask for the head of John the Baptizer . '' So right then the girl went back in to the king .
Herod heard these things about Jesus . He said , `` I killed John by cutting off his head . Now he has been raised from death ! '' Herod himself had ordered his soldiers to arrest John and put him in prison . Herod did this to please his wife Herodias . She had been married to Herod 's brother Philip , but then Herod married her . John told Herod , `` It is not right for you to be married to your brother 's wife . '' So Herodias hated John . She wanted him dead , but she was not able to persuade Herod to kill him . Herod was afraid to kill John , because he knew that he was a good and holy man . So he protected him . He liked listening to John , although what John said left him with so many questions . Then the right time came for Herodias to cause John 's death . It happened on Herod 's birthday . Herod gave a dinner party for the most important government leaders , the commanders of his army , and the most important people in Galilee . The daughter of Herodias came to the party and danced . When she danced , Herod and the people eating with him were very pleased . So King Herod said to the girl , `` I will give you anything you want . '' He promised her , `` Anything you ask for I will give to you -- even half of my kingdom . '' The girl went to her mother and asked , `` What should I ask King Herod to give me ? '' Her mother answered , `` Ask for the head of John the Baptizer . '' So right then the girl went back in to the king . She said to him , `` Please give me the head of John the Baptizer . Bring it to me now on a plate . '' King Herod was very sad , but he did n't want to break the promise he had made to her in front of his guests . So he sent a soldier to cut off John 's head and bring it to him . The soldier went and cut off John 's head in the prison . He brought the head back on a plate and gave it to the girl , and the girl gave it to
Jesus called the people to him again . He said , `` Everyone should listen to me and understand what I am saying . There is nothing people can put in their mouth that will make them wrong . People are made wrong by what comes from inside them . '' Then Jesus left the people and went into the house . The followers asked Jesus about what he had told the people . He said , `` Do you still have trouble understanding ? Surely you know that nothing that enters the mouth from the outside can make people unacceptable to God . Food does not go into a person 's mind . It goes into the stomach . Then it goes out of the body . '' -LRB- When Jesus said this , he meant there is no food that is wrong for people to eat . -RRB- And Jesus said , `` The things that make people wrong are the things that come from the inside . All these bad things begin inside a person , in the mind : bad thoughts , sexual sins , stealing , murder , adultery , greed , doing bad things to people , lying , doing things that are morally wrong , jealousy , insulting people , proud talking , and foolish living . These evil things come from inside a person . And these are the things that make people unacceptable to God . '' Jesus went from there to the area around Tyre . He did not want the people in that area to know he was there , so he went into a house . But he could not stay hidden . A woman heard that
Jesus called the people to him again . He said , `` Everyone should listen to me and understand what I am saying . There is nothing people can put in their mouth that will make them wrong . People are made wrong by what comes from inside them . '' Then Jesus left the people and went into the house . The followers asked Jesus about what he had told the people . He said , `` Do you still have trouble understanding ? Surely you know that nothing that enters the mouth from the outside can make people unacceptable to God . Food does not go into a person 's mind . It goes into the stomach . Then it goes out of the body . '' -LRB- When Jesus said this , he meant there is no food that is wrong for people to eat . -RRB- And Jesus said , `` The things that make people wrong are the things that come from the inside . All these bad things begin inside a person , in the mind : bad thoughts , sexual sins , stealing , murder , adultery , greed , doing bad things to people , lying , doing things that are morally wrong , jealousy , insulting people , proud talking , and foolish living . These evil things come from inside a person . And these are the things that make people unacceptable to God . '' Jesus went from there to the area around Tyre . He did not want the people in that area to know he was there , so he went into a house . But he could not stay hidden . A woman heard that he was there . Her little daughter had an evil spirit inside her . So the woman came to Jesus and bowed down near his feet . She was not a Jew . She was born in Phoenicia , an area in Syria . She begged Jesus to force the demon out of
They went to Jesus and said , `` Teacher , we know that you are an honest man . You are not afraid of what others think about you . All people are the same to you . And you teach the truth about God 's way . Tell us , is it right to pay taxes to Caesar ? Should we pay them or not ? '' But Jesus knew that these men were really trying to trick him . He said , `` Why are you trying to catch me saying something wrong ? Bring me a silver coin . Let me see it . '' They gave Jesus a coin and he asked , `` Whose picture is on the coin ? And whose name is written on it ? '' They answered , `` It is Caesar 's picture and Caesar 's name . '' Then Jesus said to them , `` Give to Caesar what belongs to Caesar , and give to God what belongs to God . '' The men were amazed at what Jesus said . Then some Sadducees came to Jesus . -LRB- Sadducees believe that no one will rise from death . -RRB- They asked him a question : `` Teacher , Moses wrote that if a married man dies and had no children , his brother must marry the woman . Then they will have children for the dead brother . There were seven brothers . The first brother married but died . He had no children . So the second brother married the woman . But
It was now only two days before the Passover and the Festival of Unleavened Bread . The leading priests and teachers of the law were trying to find a way to arrest Jesus without the people seeing it . Then they could kill him . They said , `` But we can not arrest Jesus during the festival . We do n't want the people to be angry and cause a riot . '' Jesus was in Bethany at the house of Simon the leper . While he was eating there , a woman came to
It was now only two days before the Passover and the Festival of Unleavened Bread . The leading priests and teachers of the law were trying to find a way to arrest Jesus without the people seeing it . Then they could kill him . They said , `` But we can not arrest Jesus during the festival . We do n't want the people to be angry and cause a riot . '' Jesus was in Bethany at the house of Simon the leper . While he was eating there , a woman came to him . She had an alabaster jar filled with expensive perfume made of pure nard . She opened the jar and poured the perfume on Jesus ' head . Some of the followers there saw this . They were upset and complained to each other . They said , `` Why waste that perfume ? It was worth a full year 's pay . It could have been sold and the money given to those who are poor . '' And they told the woman what a bad thing she had done . Jesus said , `` Leave
It was now only two days before the Passover and the Festival of Unleavened Bread . The leading priests and teachers of the law were trying to find a way to arrest Jesus without the people seeing it . Then they could kill him . They said , `` But we can not arrest Jesus during the festival . We do n't want the people to be angry and cause a riot . '' Jesus was in Bethany at the house of Simon the leper . While he was eating there , a woman came to him . She had an alabaster jar filled with expensive perfume made of pure nard . She opened the jar and poured the perfume on Jesus ' head . Some of the followers there saw this . They were upset and complained to each other . They said , `` Why waste that perfume ? It was worth a full year 's pay . It could have been sold and the money given to those who are poor . '' And they told the woman what a bad thing she had done . Jesus said , `` Leave her alone . Why are you giving her such trouble ? She did a very good thing for me . You will always have the poor with you , and you can help them any time you want . But you will not always have me . This woman did the only thing she could do for me .
Peter followed Jesus but stayed back at a distance . He followed him to the yard of the high priest 's house . He went into the yard and sat there with the guards , warming himself by their fire . The leading priests and the whole high council tried to find something that Jesus had done wrong so they could kill him . But the council could find no proof that would allow them to kill Jesus . Many people came and told lies against Jesus , but they all said different things . None of them agreed . Then some others stood up and told more lies against Jesus . They said , `` We heard this man say , ' I will destroy this Temple built by human hands . And three days later , I will build another Temple not made by human hands . ' '' But also what these people said did not agree . Then the high priest stood up before everyone and said to Jesus , `` These people said things against you . Do you have something to say about their charges ? Are they telling the truth ? '' But Jesus said nothing to answer him . The high priest asked Jesus another question : `` Are you the Christ , the Son of the blessed God ? '' Jesus answered , `` Yes , I am the Son of God . And in the future you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right side of God All - Powerful . And you will see the Son of Man coming on the clouds of heaven . '' When the high priest heard this , he tore his clothes in anger . He said , `` We do n't need any more witnesses ! You all heard these insults to God . What do you think ? '' Everyone agreed that Jesus was guilty and must be killed . Some of the people there spit at him . They covered his eyes and hit him with their fists . They said , `` Be a prophet and tell us who hit you ! '' Then the guards led Jesus away and beat him . While Peter was still in the yard , a servant girl of the high priest came there .
Peter followed Jesus but stayed back at a distance . He followed him to the yard of the high priest 's house . He went into the yard and sat there with the guards , warming himself by their fire . The leading priests and the whole high council tried to find something that Jesus had done wrong so they could kill him . But the council could find no proof that would allow them to kill Jesus . Many people came and told lies against Jesus , but they all said different things . None of them agreed . Then some others stood up and told more lies against Jesus . They said , `` We heard this man say , ' I will destroy this Temple built by human hands . And three days later , I will build another Temple not made by human hands . ' '' But also what these people said did not agree . Then the high priest stood up before everyone and said to Jesus , `` These people said things against you . Do you have something to say about their charges ? Are they telling the truth ? '' But Jesus said nothing to answer him . The high priest asked Jesus another question : `` Are you the Christ , the Son of the blessed God ? '' Jesus answered , `` Yes , I am the Son of God . And in the future you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right side of God All - Powerful . And you will see the Son of Man coming on the clouds of heaven . '' When the high priest heard this , he tore his clothes in anger . He said , `` We do n't need any more witnesses ! You all heard these insults to God . What do you think ? '' Everyone agreed that Jesus was guilty and must be killed . Some of the people there spit at him . They covered his eyes and hit him with their fists . They said , `` Be a prophet and tell us who hit you ! '' Then the guards led Jesus away and beat him . While Peter was still in the yard , a servant girl of the high priest came there . She saw him warming himself by the fire . She looked closely at him and said , `` You were with Jesus , that man from Nazareth . '' But Peter said this was not true . `` That makes no sense , '' he said . `` I do n't know what you are talking about ! '' Then
Peter followed Jesus but stayed back at a distance . He followed him to the yard of the high priest 's house . He went into the yard and sat there with the guards , warming himself by their fire . The leading priests and the whole high council tried to find something that Jesus had done wrong so they could kill him . But the council could find no proof that would allow them to kill Jesus . Many people came and told lies against Jesus , but they all said different things . None of them agreed . Then some others stood up and told more lies against Jesus . They said , `` We heard this man say , ' I will destroy this Temple built by human hands . And three days later , I will build another Temple not made by human hands . ' '' But also what these people said did not agree . Then the high priest stood up before everyone and said to Jesus , `` These people said things against you . Do you have something to say about their charges ? Are they telling the truth ? '' But Jesus said nothing to answer him . The high priest asked Jesus another question : `` Are you the Christ , the Son of the blessed God ? '' Jesus answered , `` Yes , I am the Son of God . And in the future you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right side of God All - Powerful . And you will see the Son of Man coming on the clouds of heaven . '' When the high priest heard this , he tore his clothes in anger . He said , `` We do n't need any more witnesses ! You all heard these insults to God . What do you think ? '' Everyone agreed that Jesus was guilty and must be killed . Some of the people there spit at him . They covered his eyes and hit him with their fists . They said , `` Be a prophet and tell us who hit you ! '' Then the guards led Jesus away and beat him . While Peter was still in the yard , a servant girl of the high priest came there . She saw him warming himself by the fire . She looked closely at him and said , `` You were with Jesus , that man from Nazareth . '' But Peter said this was not true . `` That makes no sense , '' he said . `` I do n't know what you are talking about ! '' Then he left and went to the entrance of the yard , and a rooster crowed . When the servant girl saw
The next day after the Sabbath day , Mary Magdalene , Salome , and Mary the mother of James bought some sweet - smelling spices to put on Jesus ' body . Very early on that day , the first day of the week , the women were going to the tomb . It was very early after sunrise . The women said to each other , `` There is a large stone covering the entrance of the tomb . Who will move the stone for us ? '' Then the women looked and saw that the stone was moved . The stone was very large , but it was moved away from the entrance . The women walked into the tomb and saw a young man there wearing a white robe . He was sitting on the right side of the tomb . The women were afraid . But the man said , `` Do n't be afraid . You are looking for Jesus from Nazareth , the one who was killed on a cross . He has risen from death ! He is not here . Look , here is the place they put him when he was dead . Now go and tell his followers . And be sure to tell Peter . Tell them , ' Jesus is going into Galilee and will be there before you come . You will see him there , as he told you before . ' '' The women were very afraid and confused . They left the tomb and ran away . They did not tell about what happened , because they were afraid . Jesus rose from death early on the first day of the week . He appeared first to Mary Magdalene . One time in the past Jesus had forced seven demons out of Mary . After Mary saw Jesus ,
The next day after the Sabbath day , Mary Magdalene , Salome , and Mary the mother of James bought some sweet - smelling spices to put on Jesus ' body . Very early on that day , the first day of the week , the women were going to the tomb . It was very early after sunrise . The women said to each other , `` There is a large stone covering the entrance of the tomb . Who will move the stone for us ? '' Then the women looked and saw that the stone was moved . The stone was very large , but it was moved away from the entrance . The women walked into the tomb and saw a young man there wearing a white robe . He was sitting on the right side of the tomb . The women were afraid . But the man said , `` Do n't be afraid . You are looking for Jesus from Nazareth , the one who was killed on a cross . He has risen from death ! He is not here . Look , here is the place they put him when he was dead . Now go and tell his followers . And be sure to tell Peter . Tell them , ' Jesus is going into Galilee and will be there before you come . You will see him there , as he told you before . ' '' The women were very afraid and confused . They left the tomb and ran away . They did not tell about what happened , because they were afraid . Jesus rose from death early on the first day of the week . He appeared first to Mary Magdalene . One time in the past Jesus had forced seven demons out of Mary . After Mary saw Jesus , she went and told his followers . They were very sad and were crying . But Mary told them that Jesus was alive .
The next day after the Sabbath day , Mary Magdalene , Salome , and Mary the mother of James bought some sweet - smelling spices to put on Jesus ' body . Very early on that day , the first day of the week , the women were going to the tomb . It was very early after sunrise . The women said to each other , `` There is a large stone covering the entrance of the tomb . Who will move the stone for us ? '' Then the women looked and saw that the stone was moved . The stone was very large , but it was moved away from the entrance . The women walked into the tomb and saw a young man there wearing a white robe . He was sitting on the right side of the tomb . The women were afraid . But the man said , `` Do n't be afraid . You are looking for Jesus from Nazareth , the one who was killed on a cross . He has risen from death ! He is not here . Look , here is the place they put him when he was dead . Now go and tell his followers . And be sure to tell Peter . Tell them , ' Jesus is going into Galilee and will be there before you come . You will see him there , as he told you before . ' '' The women were very afraid and confused . They left the tomb and ran away . They did not tell about what happened , because they were afraid . Jesus rose from death early on the first day of the week . He appeared first to Mary Magdalene . One time in the past Jesus had forced seven demons out of Mary . After Mary saw Jesus , she went and told his followers . They were very sad and were crying . But Mary told them that Jesus was alive . She said that she had seen Jesus , but they did not believe
Most Honorable Theophilus : Many others have tried to give a report of the things that happened among us to complete God 's plan . What they have written agrees with what we learned from the people who saw those events from the beginning . They also served God by telling people his message . I studied it all carefully from the beginning . Then I decided to write it down for you in an organized way . I did this so that you can be sure that what you have been taught is true . During the time when Herod ruled Judea , there was a priest named Zechariah . He belonged to Abijah 's group . His wife came from the family of Aaron . Her name was Elizabeth . Zechariah and Elizabeth were both good people who pleased God . They did everything the Lord commanded , always following his instructions completely . But they had no children . Elizabeth could not have a baby , and both of them were very old . Zechariah was serving as a priest before God for his group . It was his group 's time to serve . The priests always chose one priest to offer the incense , and Zechariah was the one chosen this time . So he went into the Temple of the Lord to offer the incense . There was a large crowd outside praying at the time the incense was offered . Then , on the right side of the incense table an angel of the Lord came and stood before Zechariah . When he saw the angel , Zechariah was upset and very afraid . But the angel said to him , `` Zechariah , do n't be afraid . Your prayer has been heard by God . Your wife Elizabeth will give birth to a baby boy , and you will name him John . You will be very happy , and many others will share your joy over his birth . He will be a great man for the Lord . He will never drink wine or beer . Even before he is born , he will be filled with the Holy Spirit . `` John will help many people of Israel return to the Lord their God . John himself will go ahead of the Lord and make people ready for his coming . He will be powerful like Elijah and will have the same spirit . He will make peace between fathers and their children . He will cause people who are not obeying God to change and start thinking the way they should . '' Zechariah said to the angel , `` How can I know that what you say is true ? I am an old man , and my wife is also old . '' The angel answered
Elizabeth could not have a baby , and both of them were very old . Zechariah was serving as a priest before God for his group . It was his group 's time to serve . The priests always chose one priest to offer the incense , and Zechariah was the one chosen this time . So he went into the Temple of the Lord to offer the incense . There was a large crowd outside praying at the time the incense was offered . Then , on the right side of the incense table an angel of the Lord came and stood before Zechariah . When he saw the angel , Zechariah was upset and very afraid . But the angel said to him , `` Zechariah , do n't be afraid . Your prayer has been heard by God . Your wife Elizabeth will give birth to a baby boy , and you will name him John . You will be very happy , and many others will share your joy over his birth . He will be a great man for the Lord . He will never drink wine or beer . Even before he is born , he will be filled with the Holy Spirit . `` John will help many people of Israel return to the Lord their God . John himself will go ahead of the Lord and make people ready for his coming . He will be powerful like Elijah and will have the same spirit . He will make peace between fathers and their children . He will cause people who are not obeying God to change and start thinking the way they should . '' Zechariah said to the angel , `` How can I know that what you say is true ? I am an old man , and my wife is also old . '' The angel answered him , `` I am Gabriel , the one who always stands ready before God . He sent me to talk to you and to tell you this good news . Now , listen ! You will not be able to talk until the day when these things happen . You will lose your speech because you did not believe what I told you . But everything I said will really happen . '' Outside , the people were still waiting for Zechariah . They were surprised that he was staying so long in the Temple . Then Zechariah came outside , but he could not speak to them . So the people knew that he had seen a vision inside the Temple . He was not able to speak , so he could only make signs to the people . When his time of service was finished , he went home . Later , Zechariah 's wife Elizabeth became pregnant . So she did not go out of her house for five months . She said , `` Look what the Lord has done for me !
So he went into the Temple of the Lord to offer the incense . There was a large crowd outside praying at the time the incense was offered . Then , on the right side of the incense table an angel of the Lord came and stood before Zechariah . When he saw the angel , Zechariah was upset and very afraid . But the angel said to him , `` Zechariah , do n't be afraid . Your prayer has been heard by God . Your wife Elizabeth will give birth to a baby boy , and you will name him John . You will be very happy , and many others will share your joy over his birth . He will be a great man for the Lord . He will never drink wine or beer . Even before he is born , he will be filled with the Holy Spirit . `` John will help many people of Israel return to the Lord their God . John himself will go ahead of the Lord and make people ready for his coming . He will be powerful like Elijah and will have the same spirit . He will make peace between fathers and their children . He will cause people who are not obeying God to change and start thinking the way they should . '' Zechariah said to the angel , `` How can I know that what you say is true ? I am an old man , and my wife is also old . '' The angel answered him , `` I am Gabriel , the one who always stands ready before God . He sent me to talk to you and to tell you this good news . Now , listen ! You will not be able to talk until the day when these things happen . You will lose your speech because you did not believe what I told you . But everything I said will really happen . '' Outside , the people were still waiting for Zechariah . They were surprised that he was staying so long in the Temple . Then Zechariah came outside , but he could not speak to them . So the people knew that he had seen a vision inside the Temple . He was not able to speak , so he could only make signs to the people . When his time of service was finished , he went home . Later , Zechariah 's wife Elizabeth became pregnant . So she did not go out of her house for five months . She said , `` Look what the Lord has done for me ! He decided to help me . Now people will stop thinking there is something wrong with me . '' During Elizabeth 's sixth month of pregnancy , God sent the angel Gabriel to a virgin girl who lived in Nazareth , a town in Galilee .
Then , on the right side of the incense table an angel of the Lord came and stood before Zechariah . When he saw the angel , Zechariah was upset and very afraid . But the angel said to him , `` Zechariah , do n't be afraid . Your prayer has been heard by God . Your wife Elizabeth will give birth to a baby boy , and you will name him John . You will be very happy , and many others will share your joy over his birth . He will be a great man for the Lord . He will never drink wine or beer . Even before he is born , he will be filled with the Holy Spirit . `` John will help many people of Israel return to the Lord their God . John himself will go ahead of the Lord and make people ready for his coming . He will be powerful like Elijah and will have the same spirit . He will make peace between fathers and their children . He will cause people who are not obeying God to change and start thinking the way they should . '' Zechariah said to the angel , `` How can I know that what you say is true ? I am an old man , and my wife is also old . '' The angel answered him , `` I am Gabriel , the one who always stands ready before God . He sent me to talk to you and to tell you this good news . Now , listen ! You will not be able to talk until the day when these things happen . You will lose your speech because you did not believe what I told you . But everything I said will really happen . '' Outside , the people were still waiting for Zechariah . They were surprised that he was staying so long in the Temple . Then Zechariah came outside , but he could not speak to them . So the people knew that he had seen a vision inside the Temple . He was not able to speak , so he could only make signs to the people . When his time of service was finished , he went home . Later , Zechariah 's wife Elizabeth became pregnant . So she did not go out of her house for five months . She said , `` Look what the Lord has done for me ! He decided to help me . Now people will stop thinking there is something wrong with me . '' During Elizabeth 's sixth month of pregnancy , God sent the angel Gabriel to a virgin girl who lived in Nazareth , a town in Galilee . She was engaged to marry a man named Joseph from the family of David . Her name was Mary . The angel came to her and said , `` Greetings ! The Lord is with you ; you are very special to
You will be very happy , and many others will share your joy over his birth . He will be a great man for the Lord . He will never drink wine or beer . Even before he is born , he will be filled with the Holy Spirit . `` John will help many people of Israel return to the Lord their God . John himself will go ahead of the Lord and make people ready for his coming . He will be powerful like Elijah and will have the same spirit . He will make peace between fathers and their children . He will cause people who are not obeying God to change and start thinking the way they should . '' Zechariah said to the angel , `` How can I know that what you say is true ? I am an old man , and my wife is also old . '' The angel answered him , `` I am Gabriel , the one who always stands ready before God . He sent me to talk to you and to tell you this good news . Now , listen ! You will not be able to talk until the day when these things happen . You will lose your speech because you did not believe what I told you . But everything I said will really happen . '' Outside , the people were still waiting for Zechariah . They were surprised that he was staying so long in the Temple . Then Zechariah came outside , but he could not speak to them . So the people knew that he had seen a vision inside the Temple . He was not able to speak , so he could only make signs to the people . When his time of service was finished , he went home . Later , Zechariah 's wife Elizabeth became pregnant . So she did not go out of her house for five months . She said , `` Look what the Lord has done for me ! He decided to help me . Now people will stop thinking there is something wrong with me . '' During Elizabeth 's sixth month of pregnancy , God sent the angel Gabriel to a virgin girl who lived in Nazareth , a town in Galilee . She was engaged to marry a man named Joseph from the family of David . Her name was Mary . The angel came to her and said , `` Greetings ! The Lord is with you ; you are very special to him . '' But Mary was very confused about what the angel said . She wondered , `` What does this mean ? '' The angel said to her , `` Do n't be afraid , Mary , because God is very pleased with you . Listen ! You will become pregnant and have a baby boy . You will name
Zechariah said to the angel , `` How can I know that what you say is true ? I am an old man , and my wife is also old . '' The angel answered him , `` I am Gabriel , the one who always stands ready before God . He sent me to talk to you and to tell you this good news . Now , listen ! You will not be able to talk until the day when these things happen . You will lose your speech because you did not believe what I told you . But everything I said will really happen . '' Outside , the people were still waiting for Zechariah . They were surprised that he was staying so long in the Temple . Then Zechariah came outside , but he could not speak to them . So the people knew that he had seen a vision inside the Temple . He was not able to speak , so he could only make signs to the people . When his time of service was finished , he went home . Later , Zechariah 's wife Elizabeth became pregnant . So she did not go out of her house for five months . She said , `` Look what the Lord has done for me ! He decided to help me . Now people will stop thinking there is something wrong with me . '' During Elizabeth 's sixth month of pregnancy , God sent the angel Gabriel to a virgin girl who lived in Nazareth , a town in Galilee . She was engaged to marry a man named Joseph from the family of David . Her name was Mary . The angel came to her and said , `` Greetings ! The Lord is with you ; you are very special to him . '' But Mary was very confused about what the angel said . She wondered , `` What does this mean ? '' The angel said to her , `` Do n't be afraid , Mary , because God is very pleased with you . Listen ! You will become pregnant and have a baby boy . You will name him Jesus . He will be great . People will call him the Son of the Most High God , and the Lord God will make him king like his ancestor David . He will rule over the people of Jacob forever ; his kingdom will never end . '' Mary said to the angel , `` How will this happen ? I am still a virgin . '' The angel said to Mary , `` The Holy Spirit will come to you , and the power of the Most High God will cover you . The baby will be holy and will be called the Son of God . And here 's something else : Your relative Elizabeth is pregnant . She is very old , but she is going to have a son . Everyone thought
Mary got up and went quickly to a town in the hill country of Judea . She went into Zechariah 's house and greeted Elizabeth . When Elizabeth heard Mary 's greeting , the unborn baby inside
Mary got up and went quickly to a town in the hill country of Judea . She went into Zechariah 's house and greeted Elizabeth . When Elizabeth heard Mary 's greeting , the unborn baby inside her jumped , and she was filled with the Holy Spirit . In a loud voice she said to Mary , `` God has blessed you more than any other woman . And God has blessed the baby you will have . You are the mother of my Lord , and you have come to me ! Why has something so good happened to me ? When I heard your voice , the baby inside me jumped with joy . Great blessings are yours because you believed what the Lord said to you ! You believed this would happen . '' Then Mary said , `` I praise the Lord with all my heart . I am very happy because God is my Savior . I am not important , but
Mary got up and went quickly to a town in the hill country of Judea . She went into Zechariah 's house and greeted Elizabeth . When Elizabeth heard Mary 's greeting , the unborn baby inside her jumped , and she was filled with the Holy Spirit . In a loud voice she said to Mary , `` God has blessed you more than any other woman . And God has blessed the baby you will have . You are the mother of my Lord , and you have come to me ! Why has something so good happened to me ? When I heard your voice , the baby inside me jumped with joy . Great blessings are yours because you believed what the Lord said to you ! You believed this would happen . '' Then Mary said , `` I praise the Lord with all my heart . I am very happy because God is my Savior . I am not important , but he has shown his care for me , his lowly servant . From now until the end of time , people will remember how much God blessed me . Yes , the Powerful One has done great things for me .
Mary got up and went quickly to a town in the hill country of Judea . She went into Zechariah 's house and greeted Elizabeth . When Elizabeth heard Mary 's greeting , the unborn baby inside her jumped , and she was filled with the Holy Spirit . In a loud voice she said to Mary , `` God has blessed you more than any other woman . And God has blessed the baby you will have . You are the mother of my Lord , and you have come to me ! Why has something so good happened to me ? When I heard your voice , the baby inside me jumped with joy . Great blessings are yours because you believed what the Lord said to you ! You believed this would happen . '' Then Mary said , `` I praise the Lord with all my heart . I am very happy because God is my Savior . I am not important , but he has shown his care for me , his lowly servant . From now until the end of time , people will remember how much God blessed me . Yes , the Powerful One has done great things for me . His name is very holy . He always gives mercy to those who worship him . He reached out his arm and showed his power . He scattered those who are proud and think great things about themselves . He brought down rulers from their thrones and raised up the humble people . He filled the hungry with good things , but he sent the rich away with nothing . God has helped Israel -- the people he chose to serve him . He did not forget his promise to give us his mercy . He has done what he promised to our ancestors , to Abraham and his children forever . '' Mary stayed with Elizabeth for about three months and then went home . When it was time for Elizabeth to give birth , she had a boy .
Mary got up and went quickly to a town in the hill country of Judea . She went into Zechariah 's house and greeted Elizabeth . When Elizabeth heard Mary 's greeting , the unborn baby inside her jumped , and she was filled with the Holy Spirit . In a loud voice she said to Mary , `` God has blessed you more than any other woman . And God has blessed the baby you will have . You are the mother of my Lord , and you have come to me ! Why has something so good happened to me ? When I heard your voice , the baby inside me jumped with joy . Great blessings are yours because you believed what the Lord said to you ! You believed this would happen . '' Then Mary said , `` I praise the Lord with all my heart . I am very happy because God is my Savior . I am not important , but he has shown his care for me , his lowly servant . From now until the end of time , people will remember how much God blessed me . Yes , the Powerful One has done great things for me . His name is very holy . He always gives mercy to those who worship him . He reached out his arm and showed his power . He scattered those who are proud and think great things about themselves . He brought down rulers from their thrones and raised up the humble people . He filled the hungry with good things , but he sent the rich away with nothing . God has helped Israel -- the people he chose to serve him . He did not forget his promise to give us his mercy . He has done what he promised to our ancestors , to Abraham and his children forever . '' Mary stayed with Elizabeth for about three months and then went home . When it was time for Elizabeth to give birth , she had a boy . Her neighbors and relatives heard that the Lord was very good to
Mary got up and went quickly to a town in the hill country of Judea . She went into Zechariah 's house and greeted Elizabeth . When Elizabeth heard Mary 's greeting , the unborn baby inside her jumped , and she was filled with the Holy Spirit . In a loud voice she said to Mary , `` God has blessed you more than any other woman . And God has blessed the baby you will have . You are the mother of my Lord , and you have come to me ! Why has something so good happened to me ? When I heard your voice , the baby inside me jumped with joy . Great blessings are yours because you believed what the Lord said to you ! You believed this would happen . '' Then Mary said , `` I praise the Lord with all my heart . I am very happy because God is my Savior . I am not important , but he has shown his care for me , his lowly servant . From now until the end of time , people will remember how much God blessed me . Yes , the Powerful One has done great things for me . His name is very holy . He always gives mercy to those who worship him . He reached out his arm and showed his power . He scattered those who are proud and think great things about themselves . He brought down rulers from their thrones and raised up the humble people . He filled the hungry with good things , but he sent the rich away with nothing . God has helped Israel -- the people he chose to serve him . He did not forget his promise to give us his mercy . He has done what he promised to our ancestors , to Abraham and his children forever . '' Mary stayed with Elizabeth for about three months and then went home . When it was time for Elizabeth to give birth , she had a boy . Her neighbors and relatives heard that the Lord was very good to her , and they were happy for her . When the baby was eight days old , they came to circumcise him . They wanted to name him Zechariah because this was his father 's name . But his mother said , `` No ,
Mary got up and went quickly to a town in the hill country of Judea . She went into Zechariah 's house and greeted Elizabeth . When Elizabeth heard Mary 's greeting , the unborn baby inside her jumped , and she was filled with the Holy Spirit . In a loud voice she said to Mary , `` God has blessed you more than any other woman . And God has blessed the baby you will have . You are the mother of my Lord , and you have come to me ! Why has something so good happened to me ? When I heard your voice , the baby inside me jumped with joy . Great blessings are yours because you believed what the Lord said to you ! You believed this would happen . '' Then Mary said , `` I praise the Lord with all my heart . I am very happy because God is my Savior . I am not important , but he has shown his care for me , his lowly servant . From now until the end of time , people will remember how much God blessed me . Yes , the Powerful One has done great things for me . His name is very holy . He always gives mercy to those who worship him . He reached out his arm and showed his power . He scattered those who are proud and think great things about themselves . He brought down rulers from their thrones and raised up the humble people . He filled the hungry with good things , but he sent the rich away with nothing . God has helped Israel -- the people he chose to serve him . He did not forget his promise to give us his mercy . He has done what he promised to our ancestors , to Abraham and his children forever . '' Mary stayed with Elizabeth for about three months and then went home . When it was time for Elizabeth to give birth , she had a boy . Her neighbors and relatives heard that the Lord was very good to her , and they were happy for her . When the baby was eight days old , they came to circumcise him . They wanted to name him Zechariah because this was his father 's name . But his mother said , `` No , he will be named John . '' The people said to Elizabeth , `` But no one in your family has that name . '' Then they made signs to
It was about that same time that Augustus Caesar sent out an order to all people in the countries that were under Roman rule . The order said that everyone 's name must be put on a list . This was the first counting of all the people while Quirinius was governor of Syria . Everyone traveled to their own hometowns to have their name put on the list . So Joseph left Nazareth , a town in Galilee , and went to the town of Bethlehem in Judea . It was known as the town of David . Joseph went there because he was from the family of David . Joseph registered with Mary because she was engaged to marry him . -LRB- She was now pregnant . -RRB- While Joseph and Mary were in Bethlehem , the time came for
It was about that same time that Augustus Caesar sent out an order to all people in the countries that were under Roman rule . The order said that everyone 's name must be put on a list . This was the first counting of all the people while Quirinius was governor of Syria . Everyone traveled to their own hometowns to have their name put on the list . So Joseph left Nazareth , a town in Galilee , and went to the town of Bethlehem in Judea . It was known as the town of David . Joseph went there because he was from the family of David . Joseph registered with Mary because she was engaged to marry him . -LRB- She was now pregnant . -RRB- While Joseph and Mary were in Bethlehem , the time came for her to have the baby .
It was about that same time that Augustus Caesar sent out an order to all people in the countries that were under Roman rule . The order said that everyone 's name must be put on a list . This was the first counting of all the people while Quirinius was governor of Syria . Everyone traveled to their own hometowns to have their name put on the list . So Joseph left Nazareth , a town in Galilee , and went to the town of Bethlehem in Judea . It was known as the town of David . Joseph went there because he was from the family of David . Joseph registered with Mary because she was engaged to marry him . -LRB- She was now pregnant . -RRB- While Joseph and Mary were in Bethlehem , the time came for her to have the baby . She gave birth to her first son .
Jesus ' father and mother were amazed at what Simeon said about him . Then Simeon blessed them and said to Mary , `` Many Jews will fall and many will rise because of this boy . He will be a sign from God that some will not accept . So the secret thoughts of many will be made known . And the things that happen will be painful for you -- like a sword cutting through your heart . '' Anna , a prophetess , was there at the Temple . She was from the family of Phanuel in the tribe of Asher . She was now very old . She had lived with her husband seven years before he died and left her alone . She was now 84 years old . Anna was always at the Temple ; she never left . She worshiped God by fasting and praying day and night . Anna was there when Joseph and Mary came to the Temple .
In the synagogue there was a man who had an evil spirit from the devil inside him . The man shouted loudly , `` Jesus of Nazareth ! What do you want with us ? Did you come here to destroy us ? I know who you are -- God 's Holy One ! '' But Jesus warned the evil spirit to stop . He said , `` Be quiet ! Come out of the man ! '' The evil spirit threw the man down on the ground in front of everyone . Then the evil spirit left the man and did not hurt him . The people were amazed . They said to each other , `` What does this mean ? With authority and power he commands evil spirits and they come out . '' And so the news about Jesus spread to every place in the whole area . Jesus left the synagogue and went to Simon 's house . Simon 's mother - in - law was very sick . She had a high fever . They asked Jesus to do something to help
Jesus finished saying all these things to the people . Then he went into Capernaum . In Capernaum there was an army officer . He had a servant who was very sick ; he was near death . The officer loved the servant very much . When he heard about Jesus , he sent some older Jewish leaders to him . He wanted the men to ask Jesus to come and save the life of his servant . The men went to Jesus . They begged Jesus to help the officer . They said , `` This officer is worthy to have your help . He loves our people and he built the synagogue for us . '' So Jesus went with them . He was coming near the officer 's house when the officer sent friends to say , `` Lord , you do n't need to do anything special for me . I am not good enough for you to come into my house . That is why I did not come to you myself . You need only to give the order , and my servant will be healed . I know this because I am a man under the authority of other men . And I have soldiers under my authority . I tell one soldier , ' Go , ' and he goes . And I tell another soldier , ' Come , ' and he comes . And I say to my servant , ' Do this , ' and my servant obeys me . '' When Jesus heard this , he was amazed . He turned to the people following him and said , `` I tell you , this is the most faith I have seen anywhere , even in Israel . '' The group that was sent to Jesus went back to the house . There they found that the servant was healed . The next day Jesus and his followers went to a town called Nain . A big crowd was traveling with them . When Jesus came near the town gate , he saw some people carrying a dead body . It was the only son of a woman who was a widow . Walking with her were many other people from the town . When the Lord saw the woman ,
But the Pharisees and experts in the law refused to accept God 's plan for themselves ; they did not let John baptize them . -RRB- `` What shall I say about the people of this time ? What can I compare them to ? What are they like ? They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then
But the Pharisees and experts in the law refused to accept God 's plan for themselves ; they did not let John baptize them . -RRB- `` What shall I say about the people of this time ? What can I compare them to ? What are they like ? They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with
But the Pharisees and experts in the law refused to accept God 's plan for themselves ; they did not let John baptize them . -RRB- `` What shall I say about the people of this time ? What can I compare them to ? What are they like ? They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with her tears . She dried his feet with
But the Pharisees and experts in the law refused to accept God 's plan for themselves ; they did not let John baptize them . -RRB- `` What shall I say about the people of this time ? What can I compare them to ? What are they like ? They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with her tears . She dried his feet with her hair . She kissed his feet many times and rubbed them with the perfume . When the Pharisee who asked Jesus to come to his house saw this , he thought to himself , `` If this man were a prophet , he would know that the woman who is touching
But the Pharisees and experts in the law refused to accept God 's plan for themselves ; they did not let John baptize them . -RRB- `` What shall I say about the people of this time ? What can I compare them to ? What are they like ? They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with her tears . She dried his feet with her hair . She kissed his feet many times and rubbed them with the perfume . When the Pharisee who asked Jesus to come to his house saw this , he thought to himself , `` If this man were a prophet , he would know that the woman who is touching him is a sinner ! '' In response , Jesus said to the Pharisee , `` Simon , I have something to say to you . '' Simon said , `` Let me hear it , Teacher . '' Jesus said , `` There were two men . Both men owed money to the same banker . One man owed
But the Pharisees and experts in the law refused to accept God 's plan for themselves ; they did not let John baptize them . -RRB- `` What shall I say about the people of this time ? What can I compare them to ? What are they like ? They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with her tears . She dried his feet with her hair . She kissed his feet many times and rubbed them with the perfume . When the Pharisee who asked Jesus to come to his house saw this , he thought to himself , `` If this man were a prophet , he would know that the woman who is touching him is a sinner ! '' In response , Jesus said to the Pharisee , `` Simon , I have something to say to you . '' Simon said , `` Let me hear it , Teacher . '' Jesus said , `` There were two men . Both men owed money to the same banker . One man owed him 500 silver coins . The other man owed him 50 silver coins . The men had no money , so they could not pay their debt . But the banker told the men that they did not have to pay him . Which one of those two men will love him more ? '' Simon answered , `` I think it would be the one who owed
But the Pharisees and experts in the law refused to accept God 's plan for themselves ; they did not let John baptize them . -RRB- `` What shall I say about the people of this time ? What can I compare them to ? What are they like ? They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with her tears . She dried his feet with her hair . She kissed his feet many times and rubbed them with the perfume . When the Pharisee who asked Jesus to come to his house saw this , he thought to himself , `` If this man were a prophet , he would know that the woman who is touching him is a sinner ! '' In response , Jesus said to the Pharisee , `` Simon , I have something to say to you . '' Simon said , `` Let me hear it , Teacher . '' Jesus said , `` There were two men . Both men owed money to the same banker . One man owed him 500 silver coins . The other man owed him 50 silver coins . The men had no money , so they could not pay their debt . But the banker told the men that they did not have to pay him . Which one of those two men will love him more ? '' Simon answered , `` I think it would be the one who owed him the most money . '' Jesus said to him , `` You are right . '' Then he turned to the woman and said to Simon , `` Do you see this woman ? When I came into your house , you gave me no water for my feet . But
But the Pharisees and experts in the law refused to accept God 's plan for themselves ; they did not let John baptize them . -RRB- `` What shall I say about the people of this time ? What can I compare them to ? What are they like ? They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with her tears . She dried his feet with her hair . She kissed his feet many times and rubbed them with the perfume . When the Pharisee who asked Jesus to come to his house saw this , he thought to himself , `` If this man were a prophet , he would know that the woman who is touching him is a sinner ! '' In response , Jesus said to the Pharisee , `` Simon , I have something to say to you . '' Simon said , `` Let me hear it , Teacher . '' Jesus said , `` There were two men . Both men owed money to the same banker . One man owed him 500 silver coins . The other man owed him 50 silver coins . The men had no money , so they could not pay their debt . But the banker told the men that they did not have to pay him . Which one of those two men will love him more ? '' Simon answered , `` I think it would be the one who owed him the most money . '' Jesus said to him , `` You are right . '' Then he turned to the woman and said to Simon , `` Do you see this woman ? When I came into your house , you gave me no water for my feet . But she washed my feet with
But the Pharisees and experts in the law refused to accept God 's plan for themselves ; they did not let John baptize them . -RRB- `` What shall I say about the people of this time ? What can I compare them to ? What are they like ? They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with her tears . She dried his feet with her hair . She kissed his feet many times and rubbed them with the perfume . When the Pharisee who asked Jesus to come to his house saw this , he thought to himself , `` If this man were a prophet , he would know that the woman who is touching him is a sinner ! '' In response , Jesus said to the Pharisee , `` Simon , I have something to say to you . '' Simon said , `` Let me hear it , Teacher . '' Jesus said , `` There were two men . Both men owed money to the same banker . One man owed him 500 silver coins . The other man owed him 50 silver coins . The men had no money , so they could not pay their debt . But the banker told the men that they did not have to pay him . Which one of those two men will love him more ? '' Simon answered , `` I think it would be the one who owed him the most money . '' Jesus said to him , `` You are right . '' Then he turned to the woman and said to Simon , `` Do you see this woman ? When I came into your house , you gave me no water for my feet . But she washed my feet with her tears and dried my feet with
`` What shall I say about the people of this time ? What can I compare them to ? What are they like ? They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with her tears . She dried his feet with her hair . She kissed his feet many times and rubbed them with the perfume . When the Pharisee who asked Jesus to come to his house saw this , he thought to himself , `` If this man were a prophet , he would know that the woman who is touching him is a sinner ! '' In response , Jesus said to the Pharisee , `` Simon , I have something to say to you . '' Simon said , `` Let me hear it , Teacher . '' Jesus said , `` There were two men . Both men owed money to the same banker . One man owed him 500 silver coins . The other man owed him 50 silver coins . The men had no money , so they could not pay their debt . But the banker told the men that they did not have to pay him . Which one of those two men will love him more ? '' Simon answered , `` I think it would be the one who owed him the most money . '' Jesus said to him , `` You are right . '' Then he turned to the woman and said to Simon , `` Do you see this woman ? When I came into your house , you gave me no water for my feet . But she washed my feet with her tears and dried my feet with her hair . You did not greet me with a kiss , but
What can I compare them to ? What are they like ? They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with her tears . She dried his feet with her hair . She kissed his feet many times and rubbed them with the perfume . When the Pharisee who asked Jesus to come to his house saw this , he thought to himself , `` If this man were a prophet , he would know that the woman who is touching him is a sinner ! '' In response , Jesus said to the Pharisee , `` Simon , I have something to say to you . '' Simon said , `` Let me hear it , Teacher . '' Jesus said , `` There were two men . Both men owed money to the same banker . One man owed him 500 silver coins . The other man owed him 50 silver coins . The men had no money , so they could not pay their debt . But the banker told the men that they did not have to pay him . Which one of those two men will love him more ? '' Simon answered , `` I think it would be the one who owed him the most money . '' Jesus said to him , `` You are right . '' Then he turned to the woman and said to Simon , `` Do you see this woman ? When I came into your house , you gave me no water for my feet . But she washed my feet with her tears and dried my feet with her hair . You did not greet me with a kiss , but she has been kissing my feet since I came in . You did not honor me with oil for my head , but
What can I compare them to ? What are they like ? They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with her tears . She dried his feet with her hair . She kissed his feet many times and rubbed them with the perfume . When the Pharisee who asked Jesus to come to his house saw this , he thought to himself , `` If this man were a prophet , he would know that the woman who is touching him is a sinner ! '' In response , Jesus said to the Pharisee , `` Simon , I have something to say to you . '' Simon said , `` Let me hear it , Teacher . '' Jesus said , `` There were two men . Both men owed money to the same banker . One man owed him 500 silver coins . The other man owed him 50 silver coins . The men had no money , so they could not pay their debt . But the banker told the men that they did not have to pay him . Which one of those two men will love him more ? '' Simon answered , `` I think it would be the one who owed him the most money . '' Jesus said to him , `` You are right . '' Then he turned to the woman and said to Simon , `` Do you see this woman ? When I came into your house , you gave me no water for my feet . But she washed my feet with her tears and dried my feet with her hair . You did not greet me with a kiss , but she has been kissing my feet since I came in . You did not honor me with oil for my head , but she rubbed my feet with
They are like children sitting in the marketplace . One group of children calls to the other children and says , ' We played flute music for you , but you did not dance ; we sang a sad song , but you did not cry . ' John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with her tears . She dried his feet with her hair . She kissed his feet many times and rubbed them with the perfume . When the Pharisee who asked Jesus to come to his house saw this , he thought to himself , `` If this man were a prophet , he would know that the woman who is touching him is a sinner ! '' In response , Jesus said to the Pharisee , `` Simon , I have something to say to you . '' Simon said , `` Let me hear it , Teacher . '' Jesus said , `` There were two men . Both men owed money to the same banker . One man owed him 500 silver coins . The other man owed him 50 silver coins . The men had no money , so they could not pay their debt . But the banker told the men that they did not have to pay him . Which one of those two men will love him more ? '' Simon answered , `` I think it would be the one who owed him the most money . '' Jesus said to him , `` You are right . '' Then he turned to the woman and said to Simon , `` Do you see this woman ? When I came into your house , you gave me no water for my feet . But she washed my feet with her tears and dried my feet with her hair . You did not greet me with a kiss , but she has been kissing my feet since I came in . You did not honor me with oil for my head , but she rubbed my feet with her sweet - smelling oil . I tell you that
John the Baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . And you say , ' He has a demon inside him . ' The Son of Man came eating and drinking . And you say , ' Look at him ! He eats too much and drinks too much wine ! He is a friend of tax collectors and other sinners ! ' But wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . '' One of the Pharisees asked Jesus to eat with him . Jesus went into the Pharisee 's house and took a place at the table . There was a sinful woman in that town . She knew that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee 's house . So the woman brought some expensive perfume in an alabaster jar . She stood at Jesus ' feet , crying . Then she began to wash his feet with her tears . She dried his feet with her hair . She kissed his feet many times and rubbed them with the perfume . When the Pharisee who asked Jesus to come to his house saw this , he thought to himself , `` If this man were a prophet , he would know that the woman who is touching him is a sinner ! '' In response , Jesus said to the Pharisee , `` Simon , I have something to say to you . '' Simon said , `` Let me hear it , Teacher . '' Jesus said , `` There were two men . Both men owed money to the same banker . One man owed him 500 silver coins . The other man owed him 50 silver coins . The men had no money , so they could not pay their debt . But the banker told the men that they did not have to pay him . Which one of those two men will love him more ? '' Simon answered , `` I think it would be the one who owed him the most money . '' Jesus said to him , `` You are right . '' Then he turned to the woman and said to Simon , `` Do you see this woman ? When I came into your house , you gave me no water for my feet . But she washed my feet with her tears and dried my feet with her hair . You did not greet me with a kiss , but she has been kissing my feet since I came in . You did not honor me with oil for my head , but she rubbed my feet with her sweet - smelling oil . I tell you that her many sins are forgiven . This is clear , because she showed great love . People who are forgiven only a little will love only a little . '' Then Jesus said to
Please , do n't punish me ! '' Jesus asked him , `` What is your name ? '' The man answered , `` Legion . '' -LRB- He said his name was `` Legion '' because many demons had gone into him . -RRB- The demons begged Jesus not to send them into the bottomless pit . On that hill there was a big herd of pigs eating . The demons begged Jesus to allow them to go into the pigs . So he allowed them to do this . Then the demons came out of the man and went into the pigs . The herd of pigs ran down the hill into the lake , and all were drowned . The men who were caring for the pigs ran away and told the story in the fields and in the town . People went out to see what had happened . They came to Jesus and found the man sitting there at the feet of Jesus . The man had clothes on and was in his right mind again ; the demons were gone . This made the people afraid . The men who saw these things happen told the others all about how Jesus made the man well . All those who lived in the area around Gerasa asked Jesus to go away because they were afraid . So Jesus got into the boat to go back to Galilee . The man he had healed begged to go with him . But Jesus sent him away , saying , `` Go back home and tell people what God did for you . '' So the man went all over town telling what Jesus had done for him . When Jesus went back to Galilee , the people welcomed him . Everyone was waiting for him . A man named Jairus came to him . He was a leader of the synagogue . He had only one daughter . She was twelve years old , and she was dying . So Jairus bowed down at the feet of Jesus and begged him to come to his house . While Jesus was going to Jairus ' house , the people crowded all around him . A woman was there who had been bleeding for twelve years . She had spent all her money on doctors , but no doctor was able to heal her . The woman came behind Jesus and touched the bottom of his coat . At that moment , her bleeding stopped . Then Jesus said , `` Who touched me ? '' They all said they had not touched him . And Peter said , `` Master , people are all around you , pushing against you . '' But Jesus said , `` Someone touched me . I felt power go out from me . '' When the woman saw that she could not hide , she came forward , shaking . She bowed down before Jesus . While everyone listened ,
The man answered , `` Legion . '' -LRB- He said his name was `` Legion '' because many demons had gone into him . -RRB- The demons begged Jesus not to send them into the bottomless pit . On that hill there was a big herd of pigs eating . The demons begged Jesus to allow them to go into the pigs . So he allowed them to do this . Then the demons came out of the man and went into the pigs . The herd of pigs ran down the hill into the lake , and all were drowned . The men who were caring for the pigs ran away and told the story in the fields and in the town . People went out to see what had happened . They came to Jesus and found the man sitting there at the feet of Jesus . The man had clothes on and was in his right mind again ; the demons were gone . This made the people afraid . The men who saw these things happen told the others all about how Jesus made the man well . All those who lived in the area around Gerasa asked Jesus to go away because they were afraid . So Jesus got into the boat to go back to Galilee . The man he had healed begged to go with him . But Jesus sent him away , saying , `` Go back home and tell people what God did for you . '' So the man went all over town telling what Jesus had done for him . When Jesus went back to Galilee , the people welcomed him . Everyone was waiting for him . A man named Jairus came to him . He was a leader of the synagogue . He had only one daughter . She was twelve years old , and she was dying . So Jairus bowed down at the feet of Jesus and begged him to come to his house . While Jesus was going to Jairus ' house , the people crowded all around him . A woman was there who had been bleeding for twelve years . She had spent all her money on doctors , but no doctor was able to heal her . The woman came behind Jesus and touched the bottom of his coat . At that moment , her bleeding stopped . Then Jesus said , `` Who touched me ? '' They all said they had not touched him . And Peter said , `` Master , people are all around you , pushing against you . '' But Jesus said , `` Someone touched me . I felt power go out from me . '' When the woman saw that she could not hide , she came forward , shaking . She bowed down before Jesus . While everyone listened , she told why she touched him . Then she said that she was healed immediately when she touched him . Jesus said to
The men who were caring for the pigs ran away and told the story in the fields and in the town . People went out to see what had happened . They came to Jesus and found the man sitting there at the feet of Jesus . The man had clothes on and was in his right mind again ; the demons were gone . This made the people afraid . The men who saw these things happen told the others all about how Jesus made the man well . All those who lived in the area around Gerasa asked Jesus to go away because they were afraid . So Jesus got into the boat to go back to Galilee . The man he had healed begged to go with him . But Jesus sent him away , saying , `` Go back home and tell people what God did for you . '' So the man went all over town telling what Jesus had done for him . When Jesus went back to Galilee , the people welcomed him . Everyone was waiting for him . A man named Jairus came to him . He was a leader of the synagogue . He had only one daughter . She was twelve years old , and she was dying . So Jairus bowed down at the feet of Jesus and begged him to come to his house . While Jesus was going to Jairus ' house , the people crowded all around him . A woman was there who had been bleeding for twelve years . She had spent all her money on doctors , but no doctor was able to heal her . The woman came behind Jesus and touched the bottom of his coat . At that moment , her bleeding stopped . Then Jesus said , `` Who touched me ? '' They all said they had not touched him . And Peter said , `` Master , people are all around you , pushing against you . '' But Jesus said , `` Someone touched me . I felt power go out from me . '' When the woman saw that she could not hide , she came forward , shaking . She bowed down before Jesus . While everyone listened , she told why she touched him . Then she said that she was healed immediately when she touched him . Jesus said to her , `` My daughter , you are made well because you believed . Go in peace . '' While Jesus was still speaking , someone came from the house of the synagogue leader and said , `` Your daughter has died ! Do n't bother the Teacher anymore . '' Jesus heard this and said to Jairus , `` Do n't be afraid ! Just believe and your daughter will be well . '' Jesus went to the house . He let only Peter , John , James , and the girl 's father and mother go inside with
People went out to see what had happened . They came to Jesus and found the man sitting there at the feet of Jesus . The man had clothes on and was in his right mind again ; the demons were gone . This made the people afraid . The men who saw these things happen told the others all about how Jesus made the man well . All those who lived in the area around Gerasa asked Jesus to go away because they were afraid . So Jesus got into the boat to go back to Galilee . The man he had healed begged to go with him . But Jesus sent him away , saying , `` Go back home and tell people what God did for you . '' So the man went all over town telling what Jesus had done for him . When Jesus went back to Galilee , the people welcomed him . Everyone was waiting for him . A man named Jairus came to him . He was a leader of the synagogue . He had only one daughter . She was twelve years old , and she was dying . So Jairus bowed down at the feet of Jesus and begged him to come to his house . While Jesus was going to Jairus ' house , the people crowded all around him . A woman was there who had been bleeding for twelve years . She had spent all her money on doctors , but no doctor was able to heal her . The woman came behind Jesus and touched the bottom of his coat . At that moment , her bleeding stopped . Then Jesus said , `` Who touched me ? '' They all said they had not touched him . And Peter said , `` Master , people are all around you , pushing against you . '' But Jesus said , `` Someone touched me . I felt power go out from me . '' When the woman saw that she could not hide , she came forward , shaking . She bowed down before Jesus . While everyone listened , she told why she touched him . Then she said that she was healed immediately when she touched him . Jesus said to her , `` My daughter , you are made well because you believed . Go in peace . '' While Jesus was still speaking , someone came from the house of the synagogue leader and said , `` Your daughter has died ! Do n't bother the Teacher anymore . '' Jesus heard this and said to Jairus , `` Do n't be afraid ! Just believe and your daughter will be well . '' Jesus went to the house . He let only Peter , John , James , and the girl 's father and mother go inside with him . Everyone was crying and feeling sad because the girl was dead . But Jesus said , `` Do n't cry .
This made the people afraid . The men who saw these things happen told the others all about how Jesus made the man well . All those who lived in the area around Gerasa asked Jesus to go away because they were afraid . So Jesus got into the boat to go back to Galilee . The man he had healed begged to go with him . But Jesus sent him away , saying , `` Go back home and tell people what God did for you . '' So the man went all over town telling what Jesus had done for him . When Jesus went back to Galilee , the people welcomed him . Everyone was waiting for him . A man named Jairus came to him . He was a leader of the synagogue . He had only one daughter . She was twelve years old , and she was dying . So Jairus bowed down at the feet of Jesus and begged him to come to his house . While Jesus was going to Jairus ' house , the people crowded all around him . A woman was there who had been bleeding for twelve years . She had spent all her money on doctors , but no doctor was able to heal her . The woman came behind Jesus and touched the bottom of his coat . At that moment , her bleeding stopped . Then Jesus said , `` Who touched me ? '' They all said they had not touched him . And Peter said , `` Master , people are all around you , pushing against you . '' But Jesus said , `` Someone touched me . I felt power go out from me . '' When the woman saw that she could not hide , she came forward , shaking . She bowed down before Jesus . While everyone listened , she told why she touched him . Then she said that she was healed immediately when she touched him . Jesus said to her , `` My daughter , you are made well because you believed . Go in peace . '' While Jesus was still speaking , someone came from the house of the synagogue leader and said , `` Your daughter has died ! Do n't bother the Teacher anymore . '' Jesus heard this and said to Jairus , `` Do n't be afraid ! Just believe and your daughter will be well . '' Jesus went to the house . He let only Peter , John , James , and the girl 's father and mother go inside with him . Everyone was crying and feeling sad because the girl was dead . But Jesus said , `` Do n't cry . She is not dead . She is only sleeping . '' The people laughed at him , because they knew that the girl was dead . But Jesus held
All those who lived in the area around Gerasa asked Jesus to go away because they were afraid . So Jesus got into the boat to go back to Galilee . The man he had healed begged to go with him . But Jesus sent him away , saying , `` Go back home and tell people what God did for you . '' So the man went all over town telling what Jesus had done for him . When Jesus went back to Galilee , the people welcomed him . Everyone was waiting for him . A man named Jairus came to him . He was a leader of the synagogue . He had only one daughter . She was twelve years old , and she was dying . So Jairus bowed down at the feet of Jesus and begged him to come to his house . While Jesus was going to Jairus ' house , the people crowded all around him . A woman was there who had been bleeding for twelve years . She had spent all her money on doctors , but no doctor was able to heal her . The woman came behind Jesus and touched the bottom of his coat . At that moment , her bleeding stopped . Then Jesus said , `` Who touched me ? '' They all said they had not touched him . And Peter said , `` Master , people are all around you , pushing against you . '' But Jesus said , `` Someone touched me . I felt power go out from me . '' When the woman saw that she could not hide , she came forward , shaking . She bowed down before Jesus . While everyone listened , she told why she touched him . Then she said that she was healed immediately when she touched him . Jesus said to her , `` My daughter , you are made well because you believed . Go in peace . '' While Jesus was still speaking , someone came from the house of the synagogue leader and said , `` Your daughter has died ! Do n't bother the Teacher anymore . '' Jesus heard this and said to Jairus , `` Do n't be afraid ! Just believe and your daughter will be well . '' Jesus went to the house . He let only Peter , John , James , and the girl 's father and mother go inside with him . Everyone was crying and feeling sad because the girl was dead . But Jesus said , `` Do n't cry . She is not dead . She is only sleeping . '' The people laughed at him , because they knew that the girl was dead . But Jesus held her hand and called to her , `` Little girl , stand up ! '' Her spirit came back into her , and she stood up immediately . Jesus said , `` Give
So Jesus got into the boat to go back to Galilee . The man he had healed begged to go with him . But Jesus sent him away , saying , `` Go back home and tell people what God did for you . '' So the man went all over town telling what Jesus had done for him . When Jesus went back to Galilee , the people welcomed him . Everyone was waiting for him . A man named Jairus came to him . He was a leader of the synagogue . He had only one daughter . She was twelve years old , and she was dying . So Jairus bowed down at the feet of Jesus and begged him to come to his house . While Jesus was going to Jairus ' house , the people crowded all around him . A woman was there who had been bleeding for twelve years . She had spent all her money on doctors , but no doctor was able to heal her . The woman came behind Jesus and touched the bottom of his coat . At that moment , her bleeding stopped . Then Jesus said , `` Who touched me ? '' They all said they had not touched him . And Peter said , `` Master , people are all around you , pushing against you . '' But Jesus said , `` Someone touched me . I felt power go out from me . '' When the woman saw that she could not hide , she came forward , shaking . She bowed down before Jesus . While everyone listened , she told why she touched him . Then she said that she was healed immediately when she touched him . Jesus said to her , `` My daughter , you are made well because you believed . Go in peace . '' While Jesus was still speaking , someone came from the house of the synagogue leader and said , `` Your daughter has died ! Do n't bother the Teacher anymore . '' Jesus heard this and said to Jairus , `` Do n't be afraid ! Just believe and your daughter will be well . '' Jesus went to the house . He let only Peter , John , James , and the girl 's father and mother go inside with him . Everyone was crying and feeling sad because the girl was dead . But Jesus said , `` Do n't cry . She is not dead . She is only sleeping . '' The people laughed at him , because they knew that the girl was dead . But Jesus held her hand and called to her , `` Little girl , stand up ! '' Her spirit came back into her , and she stood up immediately . Jesus said , `` Give her something to eat . '' The girl 's parents were amazed .
To answer this question , Jesus said , `` A man was going down the road from Jerusalem to Jericho . Some robbers surrounded him , tore off his clothes , and beat him . Then they left him lying there on the ground almost dead . `` It happened that a Jewish priest was going down that road . When he saw the man , he did not stop to help him . He walked away . Next , a Levite came near . He saw the hurt man , but he went around him . He would not stop to help him either . He just walked away . `` Then a Samaritan man traveled down that road . He came to the place where the hurt man was lying . He saw the man and felt very sorry for him . The Samaritan went to him and poured olive oil and wine on his wounds . Then he covered the man 's wounds with cloth . The Samaritan had a donkey . He put the hurt man on his donkey , and he took him to an inn . There he cared for him . The next day , the Samaritan took out two silver coins and gave them to the man who worked at the inn . He said , ' Take care of this hurt man . If you spend more money on him , I will pay it back to you when I come again . ' '' Then Jesus said , `` Which one of these three men do you think was really a neighbor to the man who was hurt by the robbers ? '' The teacher of the law answered , `` The one who helped him . '' Jesus said , `` Then you go and do the same . '' While Jesus and his followers were traveling , he went into a town , and a woman named Martha let
To answer this question , Jesus said , `` A man was going down the road from Jerusalem to Jericho . Some robbers surrounded him , tore off his clothes , and beat him . Then they left him lying there on the ground almost dead . `` It happened that a Jewish priest was going down that road . When he saw the man , he did not stop to help him . He walked away . Next , a Levite came near . He saw the hurt man , but he went around him . He would not stop to help him either . He just walked away . `` Then a Samaritan man traveled down that road . He came to the place where the hurt man was lying . He saw the man and felt very sorry for him . The Samaritan went to him and poured olive oil and wine on his wounds . Then he covered the man 's wounds with cloth . The Samaritan had a donkey . He put the hurt man on his donkey , and he took him to an inn . There he cared for him . The next day , the Samaritan took out two silver coins and gave them to the man who worked at the inn . He said , ' Take care of this hurt man . If you spend more money on him , I will pay it back to you when I come again . ' '' Then Jesus said , `` Which one of these three men do you think was really a neighbor to the man who was hurt by the robbers ? '' The teacher of the law answered , `` The one who helped him . '' Jesus said , `` Then you go and do the same . '' While Jesus and his followers were traveling , he went into a town , and a woman named Martha let him stay at her house . She had a sister named Mary . Mary was sitting at Jesus ' feet and listening to him teach . But her sister Martha was busy doing all the work that had to be done . Martha went in and said , `` Lord , do n't you care that my sister has left me to do all the work by myself ? Tell her to help me ! '' But the Lord answered
As Jesus was saying these things , a woman with the people there called out to him , `` Blessings from God belong to the woman who gave birth to you and fed you ! '' But Jesus said , `` The people who hear the teaching of God and obey it -- they are the ones who have God 's blessing . '' The crowd grew larger and larger . Jesus said , `` The people who live today are evil . They ask for a miracle as a sign from God . But no miracle will be done to prove anything to them . The only sign will be the miracle that happened to Jonah . Jonah was a sign for those who lived in Nineveh . It is the same with the Son of Man . He will be a sign for the people of this time . `` On the judgment day , you people who live now will be compared with the Queen of the South , and she will be a witness who shows how guilty you are . Why do I say this ? Because
Some people there with Jesus at that time told him about what had happened to some worshipers from Galilee . Pilate had them killed . Their blood was mixed with the blood of the animals they had brought for sacrificing . Jesus answered , `` Do you think this happened to those people because they were more sinful than all other people from Galilee ? No , they were not . But if you do n't decide now to change your lives , you will all be destroyed like those people ! And what about those 18 people who died when the tower of Siloam fell on them ? Do you think they were more sinful than everyone else in Jerusalem ? They were not . But I tell you if you do n't decide now to change your lives , you will all be destroyed too ! '' Jesus told this story : `` A man had a fig tree . He planted it in his garden . He came looking for some fruit on it , but he found none . He had a servant who took care of his garden . So he said to his servant , ' I have been looking for fruit on this tree for three years , but I never find any . Cut it down ! Why should it waste the ground ? ' But the servant answered , ' Master , let the tree have one more year to produce fruit . Let me dig up the dirt around it and fertilize it . Maybe the tree will have fruit on it next year . If it still does not produce , then you can cut it down . ' '' Jesus taught in one of the synagogues on the Sabbath day . A woman was there who had an evil spirit inside her . It had made the woman crippled for 18 years . Her back was always bent ; she could not stand up straight . When Jesus saw
Some people there with Jesus at that time told him about what had happened to some worshipers from Galilee . Pilate had them killed . Their blood was mixed with the blood of the animals they had brought for sacrificing . Jesus answered , `` Do you think this happened to those people because they were more sinful than all other people from Galilee ? No , they were not . But if you do n't decide now to change your lives , you will all be destroyed like those people ! And what about those 18 people who died when the tower of Siloam fell on them ? Do you think they were more sinful than everyone else in Jerusalem ? They were not . But I tell you if you do n't decide now to change your lives , you will all be destroyed too ! '' Jesus told this story : `` A man had a fig tree . He planted it in his garden . He came looking for some fruit on it , but he found none . He had a servant who took care of his garden . So he said to his servant , ' I have been looking for fruit on this tree for three years , but I never find any . Cut it down ! Why should it waste the ground ? ' But the servant answered , ' Master , let the tree have one more year to produce fruit . Let me dig up the dirt around it and fertilize it . Maybe the tree will have fruit on it next year . If it still does not produce , then you can cut it down . ' '' Jesus taught in one of the synagogues on the Sabbath day . A woman was there who had an evil spirit inside her . It had made the woman crippled for 18 years . Her back was always bent ; she could not stand up straight . When Jesus saw her , he called to her , `` Woman , you have been made free from your sickness ! ''
Then Jesus taught the followers that they should always pray and never lose hope . He used this story to teach them : `` Once there was a judge in a town . He did not care about God . He also did not care what people thought about him . In that same town there was a woman whose husband had died . She came many times to this judge and said , ' There is a man who is doing bad things to me . Give me my rights ! ' But the judge did not want to help the woman . After a long time , the judge thought to himself , ' I do n't care about God . And I do n't care about what people think . But this woman is bothering me . If I give
Then Jesus taught the followers that they should always pray and never lose hope . He used this story to teach them : `` Once there was a judge in a town . He did not care about God . He also did not care what people thought about him . In that same town there was a woman whose husband had died . She came many times to this judge and said , ' There is a man who is doing bad things to me . Give me my rights ! ' But the judge did not want to help the woman . After a long time , the judge thought to himself , ' I do n't care about God . And I do n't care about what people think . But this woman is bothering me . If I give her what she wants , then she will leave me alone . But if I do n't give
Some Sadducees came to Jesus . -LRB- Sadducees believe that people will not rise from death . -RRB- They asked him , `` Teacher , Moses wrote that if a married man dies and had no children , his brother must marry his widow . Then they will have children for the dead brother . One time there were seven brothers . The first brother married a woman but died .
Some Sadducees came to Jesus . -LRB- Sadducees believe that people will not rise from death . -RRB- They asked him , `` Teacher , Moses wrote that if a married man dies and had no children , his brother must marry his widow . Then they will have children for the dead brother . One time there were seven brothers . The first brother married a woman but died . He had no children . Then the second brother married the woman , and
Some Sadducees came to Jesus . -LRB- Sadducees believe that people will not rise from death . -RRB- They asked him , `` Teacher , Moses wrote that if a married man dies and had no children , his brother must marry his widow . Then they will have children for the dead brother . One time there were seven brothers . The first brother married a woman but died . He had no children . Then the second brother married the woman , and he died . And the third brother married the woman , and
Jesus looked up and saw some rich people putting their gifts to God into the Temple collection box . Then he saw a poor widow put two small copper coins into the box .
Jesus left the city and went to the Mount of Olives . His followers went with him . -LRB- He went there often . -RRB- He said to his followers , `` Pray for strength against temptation . '' Then Jesus went about 50 steps away from them . He knelt down and prayed , `` Father , if you are willing , please do n't make me drink from this cup . But do what you want , not what I want . '' Then an angel from heaven came to help him . Jesus was full of pain ; he struggled hard in prayer . Sweat dripped from his face like drops of blood falling to the ground . When he finished praying , he went to his followers . He found them asleep , worn out from their grieving . Jesus said to them , `` Why are you sleeping ? Get up and pray for strength against temptation . '' While Jesus was speaking , a crowd came up . It was led by Judas , one of the twelve apostles . He came over to Jesus to kiss him . But Jesus said to him , `` Judas , are you using the kiss of friendship to hand over the Son of Man to his enemies ? '' The followers of Jesus were standing there too . They saw what was happening and said to Jesus , `` Lord , should we use our swords ? '' And one of them did use his sword . He cut off the right ear of the servant of the high priest . Jesus said , `` Stop ! '' Then he touched the servant 's ear and healed him . Jesus spoke to the group that came to arrest him . They were the leading priests , the older Jewish leaders , and the Jewish soldiers . He said to them , `` Why did you come out here with swords and clubs ? Do you think I am a criminal ? I was with you every day in the Temple area . Why did n't you try to arrest me there ? But this is your time -- the time when darkness rules . '' They arrested Jesus and took him away to the house of the high priest . Peter followed Jesus but stayed back at a distance . The soldiers started a fire in the middle of the yard and sat together . Peter sat with them . A servant girl saw
Jesus left the city and went to the Mount of Olives . His followers went with him . -LRB- He went there often . -RRB- He said to his followers , `` Pray for strength against temptation . '' Then Jesus went about 50 steps away from them . He knelt down and prayed , `` Father , if you are willing , please do n't make me drink from this cup . But do what you want , not what I want . '' Then an angel from heaven came to help him . Jesus was full of pain ; he struggled hard in prayer . Sweat dripped from his face like drops of blood falling to the ground . When he finished praying , he went to his followers . He found them asleep , worn out from their grieving . Jesus said to them , `` Why are you sleeping ? Get up and pray for strength against temptation . '' While Jesus was speaking , a crowd came up . It was led by Judas , one of the twelve apostles . He came over to Jesus to kiss him . But Jesus said to him , `` Judas , are you using the kiss of friendship to hand over the Son of Man to his enemies ? '' The followers of Jesus were standing there too . They saw what was happening and said to Jesus , `` Lord , should we use our swords ? '' And one of them did use his sword . He cut off the right ear of the servant of the high priest . Jesus said , `` Stop ! '' Then he touched the servant 's ear and healed him . Jesus spoke to the group that came to arrest him . They were the leading priests , the older Jewish leaders , and the Jewish soldiers . He said to them , `` Why did you come out here with swords and clubs ? Do you think I am a criminal ? I was with you every day in the Temple area . Why did n't you try to arrest me there ? But this is your time -- the time when darkness rules . '' They arrested Jesus and took him away to the house of the high priest . Peter followed Jesus but stayed back at a distance . The soldiers started a fire in the middle of the yard and sat together . Peter sat with them . A servant girl saw him sitting there . She could see because of the light from the fire . She looked closely at Peter 's face . Then
Jesus learned that the Pharisees had heard the report that he was making and baptizing more followers than John . -LRB- But really , Jesus himself did not baptize anyone ; his followers baptized people for him . -RRB- So he left Judea and went back to Galilee . On the way to Galilee he had to go through the country of Samaria . In Samaria Jesus came to the town called Sychar , which is near the field that Jacob gave to his son Joseph . Jacob 's well was there . Jesus was tired from his long trip , so he sat down beside the well . It was about noon . A Samaritan woman came to the well to get some water , and Jesus said to
Jesus learned that the Pharisees had heard the report that he was making and baptizing more followers than John . -LRB- But really , Jesus himself did not baptize anyone ; his followers baptized people for him . -RRB- So he left Judea and went back to Galilee . On the way to Galilee he had to go through the country of Samaria . In Samaria Jesus came to the town called Sychar , which is near the field that Jacob gave to his son Joseph . Jacob 's well was there . Jesus was tired from his long trip , so he sat down beside the well . It was about noon . A Samaritan woman came to the well to get some water , and Jesus said to her , `` Please give me a drink . '' This happened while his followers were in town buying some food . The woman answered , `` I am surprised that you ask me for a drink ! You are a Jew and I am a Samaritan woman ! '' -LRB- Jews have nothing to do with Samaritans . -RRB- Jesus answered , `` You do n't know what God can give you . And you do n't know who I am , the one who asked you for a drink . If you knew , you would have asked me , and I would have given you living water . '' The woman said , `` Sir , where will you get that living water ? The well is very deep , and you have nothing to get water with . Are you greater than our ancestor Jacob ? He is the one who gave us this well . He drank from it himself , and his sons and all his animals drank from it too . '' Jesus answered , `` Everyone who drinks this water will be thirsty again . But anyone who drinks the water I give will never be thirsty again . The water I give people will be like a spring flowing inside them . It will bring them eternal life . '' The woman said to Jesus , `` Sir , give me this water . Then I will never be thirsty again and wo n't have to come back here to get more water . '' Jesus told
Jesus learned that the Pharisees had heard the report that he was making and baptizing more followers than John . -LRB- But really , Jesus himself did not baptize anyone ; his followers baptized people for him . -RRB- So he left Judea and went back to Galilee . On the way to Galilee he had to go through the country of Samaria . In Samaria Jesus came to the town called Sychar , which is near the field that Jacob gave to his son Joseph . Jacob 's well was there . Jesus was tired from his long trip , so he sat down beside the well . It was about noon . A Samaritan woman came to the well to get some water , and Jesus said to her , `` Please give me a drink . '' This happened while his followers were in town buying some food . The woman answered , `` I am surprised that you ask me for a drink ! You are a Jew and I am a Samaritan woman ! '' -LRB- Jews have nothing to do with Samaritans . -RRB- Jesus answered , `` You do n't know what God can give you . And you do n't know who I am , the one who asked you for a drink . If you knew , you would have asked me , and I would have given you living water . '' The woman said , `` Sir , where will you get that living water ? The well is very deep , and you have nothing to get water with . Are you greater than our ancestor Jacob ? He is the one who gave us this well . He drank from it himself , and his sons and all his animals drank from it too . '' Jesus answered , `` Everyone who drinks this water will be thirsty again . But anyone who drinks the water I give will never be thirsty again . The water I give people will be like a spring flowing inside them . It will bring them eternal life . '' The woman said to Jesus , `` Sir , give me this water . Then I will never be thirsty again and wo n't have to come back here to get more water . '' Jesus told her , `` Go get your husband and come back . '' The woman answered , `` But I have no husband . '' Jesus said to
And you do n't know who I am , the one who asked you for a drink . If you knew , you would have asked me , and I would have given you living water . '' The woman said , `` Sir , where will you get that living water ? The well is very deep , and you have nothing to get water with . Are you greater than our ancestor Jacob ? He is the one who gave us this well . He drank from it himself , and his sons and all his animals drank from it too . '' Jesus answered , `` Everyone who drinks this water will be thirsty again . But anyone who drinks the water I give will never be thirsty again . The water I give people will be like a spring flowing inside them . It will bring them eternal life . '' The woman said to Jesus , `` Sir , give me this water . Then I will never be thirsty again and wo n't have to come back here to get more water . '' Jesus told her , `` Go get your husband and come back . '' The woman answered , `` But I have no husband . '' Jesus said to her , `` You are right to say you have no husband . That 's because , although you have had five husbands , the man you live with now is not your husband . That much was the truth . '' The woman said , `` Sir , I can see that you are a prophet . Our fathers worshiped on this mountain . But you Jews say that Jerusalem is the place where people must worship . '' Jesus said , `` Believe me , woman ! The time is coming when you will not have to be in Jerusalem or on this mountain to worship the Father . You Samaritans worship something you do n't understand . We Jews understand what we worship , since salvation comes from the Jews . But the time is coming when the true worshipers will worship the Father in spirit and truth . In fact , that time is now here . And these are the kind of people the Father wants to be his worshipers . God is spirit . So the people who worship him must worship in spirit and truth . '' The woman said , `` I know that the Messiah is coming . '' -LRB- Messiah is the one called Christ . -RRB- `` When he comes , he will explain everything to us . '' Then Jesus said , `` He is talking to you now -- I am the Messiah . '' Just then Jesus ' followers came back from town . They were surprised because they saw Jesus talking with a woman . But none of them asked , `` What do you want ? '' or `` Why are you talking with
The woman said , `` Sir , where will you get that living water ? The well is very deep , and you have nothing to get water with . Are you greater than our ancestor Jacob ? He is the one who gave us this well . He drank from it himself , and his sons and all his animals drank from it too . '' Jesus answered , `` Everyone who drinks this water will be thirsty again . But anyone who drinks the water I give will never be thirsty again . The water I give people will be like a spring flowing inside them . It will bring them eternal life . '' The woman said to Jesus , `` Sir , give me this water . Then I will never be thirsty again and wo n't have to come back here to get more water . '' Jesus told her , `` Go get your husband and come back . '' The woman answered , `` But I have no husband . '' Jesus said to her , `` You are right to say you have no husband . That 's because , although you have had five husbands , the man you live with now is not your husband . That much was the truth . '' The woman said , `` Sir , I can see that you are a prophet . Our fathers worshiped on this mountain . But you Jews say that Jerusalem is the place where people must worship . '' Jesus said , `` Believe me , woman ! The time is coming when you will not have to be in Jerusalem or on this mountain to worship the Father . You Samaritans worship something you do n't understand . We Jews understand what we worship , since salvation comes from the Jews . But the time is coming when the true worshipers will worship the Father in spirit and truth . In fact , that time is now here . And these are the kind of people the Father wants to be his worshipers . God is spirit . So the people who worship him must worship in spirit and truth . '' The woman said , `` I know that the Messiah is coming . '' -LRB- Messiah is the one called Christ . -RRB- `` When he comes , he will explain everything to us . '' Then Jesus said , `` He is talking to you now -- I am the Messiah . '' Just then Jesus ' followers came back from town . They were surprised because they saw Jesus talking with a woman . But none of them asked , `` What do you want ? '' or `` Why are you talking with her ? '' Then the woman left her water jar and went back to town . She told the people there , `` A man told me everything I have ever done . Come see
While the woman was in town , Jesus ' followers were begging him , `` Teacher , eat something ! '' But Jesus answered , `` I have food to eat that you know nothing about . '' So the followers asked themselves , `` Did someone already bring him some food ? '' Jesus said , `` My food is to do what the one who sent me wants me to do . My food is to finish the work that he gave me to do . When you plant , you always say , ' Four more months to wait before we gather the grain . ' But I tell you , open your eyes , and look at the fields . They are ready for harvesting now . Even now , the people who harvest the crop are being paid . They are gathering crops for eternal life . So now the people who plant can be happy together with those who harvest . It is true when we say , ' One person plants , but another person harvests the crop . ' I sent you to harvest a crop that you did not work for . Others did the work , and you get the profit from their work . '' Many of the Samaritan people in that town believed in Jesus . They believed because of what the woman had told them about
While the woman was in town , Jesus ' followers were begging him , `` Teacher , eat something ! '' But Jesus answered , `` I have food to eat that you know nothing about . '' So the followers asked themselves , `` Did someone already bring him some food ? '' Jesus said , `` My food is to do what the one who sent me wants me to do . My food is to finish the work that he gave me to do . When you plant , you always say , ' Four more months to wait before we gather the grain . ' But I tell you , open your eyes , and look at the fields . They are ready for harvesting now . Even now , the people who harvest the crop are being paid . They are gathering crops for eternal life . So now the people who plant can be happy together with those who harvest . It is true when we say , ' One person plants , but another person harvests the crop . ' I sent you to harvest a crop that you did not work for . Others did the work , and you get the profit from their work . '' Many of the Samaritan people in that town believed in Jesus . They believed because of what the woman had told them about him . She had told them , `` He told me everything I have ever done . '' The Samaritans went to Jesus . They begged him to stay with them . So he stayed there two days . Many more people became believers because of the things he said . The people said to the woman , `` First we believed in Jesus because of what you told us . But now we believe because we heard
While the woman was in town , Jesus ' followers were begging him , `` Teacher , eat something ! '' But Jesus answered , `` I have food to eat that you know nothing about . '' So the followers asked themselves , `` Did someone already bring him some food ? '' Jesus said , `` My food is to do what the one who sent me wants me to do . My food is to finish the work that he gave me to do . When you plant , you always say , ' Four more months to wait before we gather the grain . ' But I tell you , open your eyes , and look at the fields . They are ready for harvesting now . Even now , the people who harvest the crop are being paid . They are gathering crops for eternal life . So now the people who plant can be happy together with those who harvest . It is true when we say , ' One person plants , but another person harvests the crop . ' I sent you to harvest a crop that you did not work for . Others did the work , and you get the profit from their work . '' Many of the Samaritan people in that town believed in Jesus . They believed because of what the woman had told them about him . She had told them , `` He told me everything I have ever done . '' The Samaritans went to Jesus . They begged him to stay with them . So he stayed there two days . Many more people became believers because of the things he said . The people said to the woman , `` First we believed in Jesus because of what you told us . But now we believe because we heard him ourselves . We know now that he really is the one who will save the world . '' Two days later Jesus left and went to Galilee . -LRB- Jesus had said before that a prophet is not respected in his own country . -RRB- When he arrived in Galilee , the people there welcomed him . They had been at the Passover festival in Jerusalem and had seen everything he did there . Jesus went to visit Cana in Galilee again . Cana is where
Jesus went to the Mount of Olives . Early in the morning he went back to the Temple area . The people all came to him , and he sat and taught them . The teachers of the law and the Pharisees brought a woman they had caught in bed with a man who was not her husband . They forced her to stand in front of the people . They said to Jesus , `` Teacher , this woman was caught in the act of adultery . The Law of Moses commands us to stone to death any such woman . What do you say we should do ? '' They were saying this to trick Jesus . They wanted to catch him saying something wrong so that they could have a charge against him . But Jesus stooped down and started writing on the ground with his finger . The Jewish leaders continued to ask him their question . So he stood up and said , `` Anyone here who has never sinned should throw the first stone at her . '' Then Jesus stooped down again and wrote on the ground . When they heard this , they began to leave one by one . The older men left first , and then the others . Jesus was left alone with the woman standing there in front of
There was a man named Lazarus who was sick . He lived in the town of Bethany , where Mary and her sister Martha lived . -LRB- Mary is the same woman who put perfume on the Lord and wiped his feet with her hair . -RRB- Mary 's brother was Lazarus , the man who was now sick . So Mary and Martha sent someone to tell Jesus , `` Lord , your dear friend Lazarus is sick . '' When Jesus heard this he said , `` The end of this sickness will not be death . No , this sickness is for the glory of God . This has happened to bring glory to the Son of God . '' Jesus loved Martha and her sister and Lazarus . So when he heard that Lazarus was sick , he stayed where he was two more days and then said to his followers , `` We should go back to Judea . '' They answered , `` But Teacher , those Jews there tried to stone you to death . That was only a short time ago . Now you want to go back there ? '' Jesus answered , `` There are twelve hours of light in the day . Whoever walks in the day will not stumble and fall because they can see with the light from the sun . But whoever walks at night will stumble because there is no light . '' Then Jesus said , `` Our friend Lazarus is now sleeping , but I am going there to wake him . '' The followers answered , `` But , Lord , if he can sleep , he will get well . '' They thought Jesus meant that Lazarus was literally sleeping , but he really meant that Lazarus was dead . So then Jesus said plainly , `` Lazarus is dead . And I am glad I was not there . I am happy for you because now you will believe in me . We will go to him now . '' Then Thomas , the one called `` Twin , '' said to the other followers , `` We will go too . We will die there with Jesus . '' Jesus arrived in Bethany and found that Lazarus had already been dead and in the tomb for four days . Bethany was about two miles from Jerusalem . Many Jews had come to see Martha and Mary . They came to comfort them about their brother Lazarus . When Martha heard that Jesus was coming ,
There was a man named Lazarus who was sick . He lived in the town of Bethany , where Mary and her sister Martha lived . -LRB- Mary is the same woman who put perfume on the Lord and wiped his feet with her hair . -RRB- Mary 's brother was Lazarus , the man who was now sick . So Mary and Martha sent someone to tell Jesus , `` Lord , your dear friend Lazarus is sick . '' When Jesus heard this he said , `` The end of this sickness will not be death . No , this sickness is for the glory of God . This has happened to bring glory to the Son of God . '' Jesus loved Martha and her sister and Lazarus . So when he heard that Lazarus was sick , he stayed where he was two more days and then said to his followers , `` We should go back to Judea . '' They answered , `` But Teacher , those Jews there tried to stone you to death . That was only a short time ago . Now you want to go back there ? '' Jesus answered , `` There are twelve hours of light in the day . Whoever walks in the day will not stumble and fall because they can see with the light from the sun . But whoever walks at night will stumble because there is no light . '' Then Jesus said , `` Our friend Lazarus is now sleeping , but I am going there to wake him . '' The followers answered , `` But , Lord , if he can sleep , he will get well . '' They thought Jesus meant that Lazarus was literally sleeping , but he really meant that Lazarus was dead . So then Jesus said plainly , `` Lazarus is dead . And I am glad I was not there . I am happy for you because now you will believe in me . We will go to him now . '' Then Thomas , the one called `` Twin , '' said to the other followers , `` We will go too . We will die there with Jesus . '' Jesus arrived in Bethany and found that Lazarus had already been dead and in the tomb for four days . Bethany was about two miles from Jerusalem . Many Jews had come to see Martha and Mary . They came to comfort them about their brother Lazarus . When Martha heard that Jesus was coming , she went out to greet him . But Mary stayed home . Martha said to Jesus , `` Lord , if you had been here , my brother would not have died . But I know that even now God will give you anything you ask . '' Jesus said , `` Your brother will rise and be alive again . '' Martha answered , `` I know that
-LRB- Mary is the same woman who put perfume on the Lord and wiped his feet with her hair . -RRB- Mary 's brother was Lazarus , the man who was now sick . So Mary and Martha sent someone to tell Jesus , `` Lord , your dear friend Lazarus is sick . '' When Jesus heard this he said , `` The end of this sickness will not be death . No , this sickness is for the glory of God . This has happened to bring glory to the Son of God . '' Jesus loved Martha and her sister and Lazarus . So when he heard that Lazarus was sick , he stayed where he was two more days and then said to his followers , `` We should go back to Judea . '' They answered , `` But Teacher , those Jews there tried to stone you to death . That was only a short time ago . Now you want to go back there ? '' Jesus answered , `` There are twelve hours of light in the day . Whoever walks in the day will not stumble and fall because they can see with the light from the sun . But whoever walks at night will stumble because there is no light . '' Then Jesus said , `` Our friend Lazarus is now sleeping , but I am going there to wake him . '' The followers answered , `` But , Lord , if he can sleep , he will get well . '' They thought Jesus meant that Lazarus was literally sleeping , but he really meant that Lazarus was dead . So then Jesus said plainly , `` Lazarus is dead . And I am glad I was not there . I am happy for you because now you will believe in me . We will go to him now . '' Then Thomas , the one called `` Twin , '' said to the other followers , `` We will go too . We will die there with Jesus . '' Jesus arrived in Bethany and found that Lazarus had already been dead and in the tomb for four days . Bethany was about two miles from Jerusalem . Many Jews had come to see Martha and Mary . They came to comfort them about their brother Lazarus . When Martha heard that Jesus was coming , she went out to greet him . But Mary stayed home . Martha said to Jesus , `` Lord , if you had been here , my brother would not have died . But I know that even now God will give you anything you ask . '' Jesus said , `` Your brother will rise and be alive again . '' Martha answered , `` I know that he will rise to live again at the time of the resurrection on the last day . '' Jesus said to
They answered , `` But Teacher , those Jews there tried to stone you to death . That was only a short time ago . Now you want to go back there ? '' Jesus answered , `` There are twelve hours of light in the day . Whoever walks in the day will not stumble and fall because they can see with the light from the sun . But whoever walks at night will stumble because there is no light . '' Then Jesus said , `` Our friend Lazarus is now sleeping , but I am going there to wake him . '' The followers answered , `` But , Lord , if he can sleep , he will get well . '' They thought Jesus meant that Lazarus was literally sleeping , but he really meant that Lazarus was dead . So then Jesus said plainly , `` Lazarus is dead . And I am glad I was not there . I am happy for you because now you will believe in me . We will go to him now . '' Then Thomas , the one called `` Twin , '' said to the other followers , `` We will go too . We will die there with Jesus . '' Jesus arrived in Bethany and found that Lazarus had already been dead and in the tomb for four days . Bethany was about two miles from Jerusalem . Many Jews had come to see Martha and Mary . They came to comfort them about their brother Lazarus . When Martha heard that Jesus was coming , she went out to greet him . But Mary stayed home . Martha said to Jesus , `` Lord , if you had been here , my brother would not have died . But I know that even now God will give you anything you ask . '' Jesus said , `` Your brother will rise and be alive again . '' Martha answered , `` I know that he will rise to live again at the time of the resurrection on the last day . '' Jesus said to her , `` I am the resurrection . I am life . Everyone who believes in me will have life , even if they die . And everyone who lives and believes in me will never really die . Martha , do you believe this ? '' Martha answered , `` Yes , Lord . I believe that you are the Christ , the Son of God . You are the one who was coming to the world . '' After Martha said these things , she went back to her sister Mary . She talked to Mary alone and said , `` The Teacher is here . He is asking for you . '' When Mary heard this , she stood up and went quickly to Jesus . He had not yet come into the village . He was still at the place where Martha met
Whoever walks in the day will not stumble and fall because they can see with the light from the sun . But whoever walks at night will stumble because there is no light . '' Then Jesus said , `` Our friend Lazarus is now sleeping , but I am going there to wake him . '' The followers answered , `` But , Lord , if he can sleep , he will get well . '' They thought Jesus meant that Lazarus was literally sleeping , but he really meant that Lazarus was dead . So then Jesus said plainly , `` Lazarus is dead . And I am glad I was not there . I am happy for you because now you will believe in me . We will go to him now . '' Then Thomas , the one called `` Twin , '' said to the other followers , `` We will go too . We will die there with Jesus . '' Jesus arrived in Bethany and found that Lazarus had already been dead and in the tomb for four days . Bethany was about two miles from Jerusalem . Many Jews had come to see Martha and Mary . They came to comfort them about their brother Lazarus . When Martha heard that Jesus was coming , she went out to greet him . But Mary stayed home . Martha said to Jesus , `` Lord , if you had been here , my brother would not have died . But I know that even now God will give you anything you ask . '' Jesus said , `` Your brother will rise and be alive again . '' Martha answered , `` I know that he will rise to live again at the time of the resurrection on the last day . '' Jesus said to her , `` I am the resurrection . I am life . Everyone who believes in me will have life , even if they die . And everyone who lives and believes in me will never really die . Martha , do you believe this ? '' Martha answered , `` Yes , Lord . I believe that you are the Christ , the Son of God . You are the one who was coming to the world . '' After Martha said these things , she went back to her sister Mary . She talked to Mary alone and said , `` The Teacher is here . He is asking for you . '' When Mary heard this , she stood up and went quickly to Jesus . He had not yet come into the village . He was still at the place where Martha met him . The Jews who were in the house comforting Mary saw her get up and leave quickly . They thought she was going to the tomb to cry there . So they followed her . Mary went to the place where Jesus was . When
Six days before the Passover festival , Jesus went to Bethany . That is where Lazarus lived , the man Jesus raised from death . There they had a dinner for Jesus . Martha served the food , and Lazarus was one of the people eating with Jesus . Mary brought in a pint of expensive perfume made of pure nard . She poured the perfume on Jesus ' feet . Then
Six days before the Passover festival , Jesus went to Bethany . That is where Lazarus lived , the man Jesus raised from death . There they had a dinner for Jesus . Martha served the food , and Lazarus was one of the people eating with Jesus . Mary brought in a pint of expensive perfume made of pure nard . She poured the perfume on Jesus ' feet . Then she wiped his feet with
Six days before the Passover festival , Jesus went to Bethany . That is where Lazarus lived , the man Jesus raised from death . There they had a dinner for Jesus . Martha served the food , and Lazarus was one of the people eating with Jesus . Mary brought in a pint of expensive perfume made of pure nard . She poured the perfume on Jesus ' feet . Then she wiped his feet with her hair . And the sweet smell from the perfume filled the whole house . Judas Iscariot , one of Jesus ' followers , was there -- the one who would later hand Jesus over to his enemies . Judas said , `` That perfume was worth a full year 's pay . It should have been sold , and the money should have been given to the poor people . '' But Judas did not really care about the poor . He said this because he was a thief . He was the one who kept the moneybag for the group of followers . And he often stole money from the bag . Jesus answered , `` Do n't stop
Early on Sunday morning , while it was still dark , Mary Magdalene went to the tomb . She saw that the large stone was moved away from the entrance . So she ran to Simon Peter and the other follower -LRB- the one Jesus loved very much -RRB- .
Early on Sunday morning , while it was still dark , Mary Magdalene went to the tomb . She saw that the large stone was moved away from the entrance . So she ran to Simon Peter and the other follower -LRB- the one Jesus loved very much -RRB- . She said , `` They have taken the Lord out of the tomb , and we do n't know where they put him . '' So Peter and the other follower started going to the tomb . They were both running , but the other follower ran faster than Peter and reached the tomb first . He bent down and looked in . He saw the pieces of linen cloth lying there , but he did not go in . Then Simon Peter finally reached the tomb and went in . He saw the pieces of linen lying there . He also saw the cloth that had been around Jesus ' head . It was folded up and laid in a different place from the pieces of linen . Then the other follower went in -- the one who had reached the tomb first . He saw what had happened and believed . -LRB- These followers did not yet understand from the Scriptures that Jesus must rise from death . -RRB- Then the followers went back home . But Mary stood outside the tomb , crying . While she was crying , she bent down and looked inside the tomb . She saw two angels dressed in white sitting where Jesus ' body had been . One was sitting where the head had been ; the other was sitting where the feet had been . The angels asked Mary , `` Woman , why are you crying ? '' Mary answered , `` They took away the body of my Lord , and I do n't know where they put
Early on Sunday morning , while it was still dark , Mary Magdalene went to the tomb . She saw that the large stone was moved away from the entrance . So she ran to Simon Peter and the other follower -LRB- the one Jesus loved very much -RRB- . She said , `` They have taken the Lord out of the tomb , and we do n't know where they put him . '' So Peter and the other follower started going to the tomb . They were both running , but the other follower ran faster than Peter and reached the tomb first . He bent down and looked in . He saw the pieces of linen cloth lying there , but he did not go in . Then Simon Peter finally reached the tomb and went in . He saw the pieces of linen lying there . He also saw the cloth that had been around Jesus ' head . It was folded up and laid in a different place from the pieces of linen . Then the other follower went in -- the one who had reached the tomb first . He saw what had happened and believed . -LRB- These followers did not yet understand from the Scriptures that Jesus must rise from death . -RRB- Then the followers went back home . But Mary stood outside the tomb , crying . While she was crying , she bent down and looked inside the tomb . She saw two angels dressed in white sitting where Jesus ' body had been . One was sitting where the head had been ; the other was sitting where the feet had been . The angels asked Mary , `` Woman , why are you crying ? '' Mary answered , `` They took away the body of my Lord , and I do n't know where they put him . '' When Mary said this , she turned around and saw Jesus standing there . But
Early on Sunday morning , while it was still dark , Mary Magdalene went to the tomb . She saw that the large stone was moved away from the entrance . So she ran to Simon Peter and the other follower -LRB- the one Jesus loved very much -RRB- . She said , `` They have taken the Lord out of the tomb , and we do n't know where they put him . '' So Peter and the other follower started going to the tomb . They were both running , but the other follower ran faster than Peter and reached the tomb first . He bent down and looked in . He saw the pieces of linen cloth lying there , but he did not go in . Then Simon Peter finally reached the tomb and went in . He saw the pieces of linen lying there . He also saw the cloth that had been around Jesus ' head . It was folded up and laid in a different place from the pieces of linen . Then the other follower went in -- the one who had reached the tomb first . He saw what had happened and believed . -LRB- These followers did not yet understand from the Scriptures that Jesus must rise from death . -RRB- Then the followers went back home . But Mary stood outside the tomb , crying . While she was crying , she bent down and looked inside the tomb . She saw two angels dressed in white sitting where Jesus ' body had been . One was sitting where the head had been ; the other was sitting where the feet had been . The angels asked Mary , `` Woman , why are you crying ? '' Mary answered , `` They took away the body of my Lord , and I do n't know where they put him . '' When Mary said this , she turned around and saw Jesus standing there . But she did not know that it was Jesus . He asked her , `` Woman , why are you crying ? Who are you looking for ? '' She thought that this was the man who takes care of the garden . So
Early on Sunday morning , while it was still dark , Mary Magdalene went to the tomb . She saw that the large stone was moved away from the entrance . So she ran to Simon Peter and the other follower -LRB- the one Jesus loved very much -RRB- . She said , `` They have taken the Lord out of the tomb , and we do n't know where they put him . '' So Peter and the other follower started going to the tomb . They were both running , but the other follower ran faster than Peter and reached the tomb first . He bent down and looked in . He saw the pieces of linen cloth lying there , but he did not go in . Then Simon Peter finally reached the tomb and went in . He saw the pieces of linen lying there . He also saw the cloth that had been around Jesus ' head . It was folded up and laid in a different place from the pieces of linen . Then the other follower went in -- the one who had reached the tomb first . He saw what had happened and believed . -LRB- These followers did not yet understand from the Scriptures that Jesus must rise from death . -RRB- Then the followers went back home . But Mary stood outside the tomb , crying . While she was crying , she bent down and looked inside the tomb . She saw two angels dressed in white sitting where Jesus ' body had been . One was sitting where the head had been ; the other was sitting where the feet had been . The angels asked Mary , `` Woman , why are you crying ? '' Mary answered , `` They took away the body of my Lord , and I do n't know where they put him . '' When Mary said this , she turned around and saw Jesus standing there . But she did not know that it was Jesus . He asked her , `` Woman , why are you crying ? Who are you looking for ? '' She thought that this was the man who takes care of the garden . So she said to him , `` Did you take him away , sir ? Tell me where you put him . I will go and get
Early on Sunday morning , while it was still dark , Mary Magdalene went to the tomb . She saw that the large stone was moved away from the entrance . So she ran to Simon Peter and the other follower -LRB- the one Jesus loved very much -RRB- . She said , `` They have taken the Lord out of the tomb , and we do n't know where they put him . '' So Peter and the other follower started going to the tomb . They were both running , but the other follower ran faster than Peter and reached the tomb first . He bent down and looked in . He saw the pieces of linen cloth lying there , but he did not go in . Then Simon Peter finally reached the tomb and went in . He saw the pieces of linen lying there . He also saw the cloth that had been around Jesus ' head . It was folded up and laid in a different place from the pieces of linen . Then the other follower went in -- the one who had reached the tomb first . He saw what had happened and believed . -LRB- These followers did not yet understand from the Scriptures that Jesus must rise from death . -RRB- Then the followers went back home . But Mary stood outside the tomb , crying . While she was crying , she bent down and looked inside the tomb . She saw two angels dressed in white sitting where Jesus ' body had been . One was sitting where the head had been ; the other was sitting where the feet had been . The angels asked Mary , `` Woman , why are you crying ? '' Mary answered , `` They took away the body of my Lord , and I do n't know where they put him . '' When Mary said this , she turned around and saw Jesus standing there . But she did not know that it was Jesus . He asked her , `` Woman , why are you crying ? Who are you looking for ? '' She thought that this was the man who takes care of the garden . So she said to him , `` Did you take him away , sir ? Tell me where you put him . I will go and get him . '' Jesus said to
Early on Sunday morning , while it was still dark , Mary Magdalene went to the tomb . She saw that the large stone was moved away from the entrance . So she ran to Simon Peter and the other follower -LRB- the one Jesus loved very much -RRB- . She said , `` They have taken the Lord out of the tomb , and we do n't know where they put him . '' So Peter and the other follower started going to the tomb . They were both running , but the other follower ran faster than Peter and reached the tomb first . He bent down and looked in . He saw the pieces of linen cloth lying there , but he did not go in . Then Simon Peter finally reached the tomb and went in . He saw the pieces of linen lying there . He also saw the cloth that had been around Jesus ' head . It was folded up and laid in a different place from the pieces of linen . Then the other follower went in -- the one who had reached the tomb first . He saw what had happened and believed . -LRB- These followers did not yet understand from the Scriptures that Jesus must rise from death . -RRB- Then the followers went back home . But Mary stood outside the tomb , crying . While she was crying , she bent down and looked inside the tomb . She saw two angels dressed in white sitting where Jesus ' body had been . One was sitting where the head had been ; the other was sitting where the feet had been . The angels asked Mary , `` Woman , why are you crying ? '' Mary answered , `` They took away the body of my Lord , and I do n't know where they put him . '' When Mary said this , she turned around and saw Jesus standing there . But she did not know that it was Jesus . He asked her , `` Woman , why are you crying ? Who are you looking for ? '' She thought that this was the man who takes care of the garden . So she said to him , `` Did you take him away , sir ? Tell me where you put him . I will go and get him . '' Jesus said to her , `` Mary . '' She turned toward him and said in Aramaic , `` Rabboni , '' which means `` Teacher . '' Jesus said to
She saw that the large stone was moved away from the entrance . So she ran to Simon Peter and the other follower -LRB- the one Jesus loved very much -RRB- . She said , `` They have taken the Lord out of the tomb , and we do n't know where they put him . '' So Peter and the other follower started going to the tomb . They were both running , but the other follower ran faster than Peter and reached the tomb first . He bent down and looked in . He saw the pieces of linen cloth lying there , but he did not go in . Then Simon Peter finally reached the tomb and went in . He saw the pieces of linen lying there . He also saw the cloth that had been around Jesus ' head . It was folded up and laid in a different place from the pieces of linen . Then the other follower went in -- the one who had reached the tomb first . He saw what had happened and believed . -LRB- These followers did not yet understand from the Scriptures that Jesus must rise from death . -RRB- Then the followers went back home . But Mary stood outside the tomb , crying . While she was crying , she bent down and looked inside the tomb . She saw two angels dressed in white sitting where Jesus ' body had been . One was sitting where the head had been ; the other was sitting where the feet had been . The angels asked Mary , `` Woman , why are you crying ? '' Mary answered , `` They took away the body of my Lord , and I do n't know where they put him . '' When Mary said this , she turned around and saw Jesus standing there . But she did not know that it was Jesus . He asked her , `` Woman , why are you crying ? Who are you looking for ? '' She thought that this was the man who takes care of the garden . So she said to him , `` Did you take him away , sir ? Tell me where you put him . I will go and get him . '' Jesus said to her , `` Mary . '' She turned toward him and said in Aramaic , `` Rabboni , '' which means `` Teacher . '' Jesus said to her , `` You do n't need to hold on to me ! I have not yet gone back up to the Father . But go to my followers and tell them this : ' I am going back to my Father and your Father . I am going back to my God and your God . ' '' Mary Magdalene went to the followers and told them , `` I saw the Lord ! '' And
One day Peter and John went to the Temple area . It was three o'clock in the afternoon , which was the time for the daily Temple prayer service . As they were entering the Temple area , a man was there who had been crippled all his life . He was being carried by some friends who brought him to the Temple every day . They put him by one of the gates outside the Temple . It was called Beautiful Gate . There he begged for money from the people going to the Temple . That day
There was a man named Ananias . His wife 's name was Sapphira . Ananias sold some land he had , but he gave only part of the money to the apostles . He secretly kept some of the money for himself . His wife knew this , and she agreed with it . Peter said , `` Ananias , why did you let Satan fill your mind with such an idea ? You kept part of the money for yourself and lied about it to the Holy Spirit ! Before you sold the field , it belonged to you , right ? And even after you sold it , you could have used the money any way you wanted . How could you even think of doing such a thing ? You lied to God , not to us ! '' When Ananias heard this , he fell down and died . Some young men came and wrapped his body . They carried it out and buried it . And everyone who heard about this was filled with fear . About three hours later his wife came in . Sapphira did not know about what had happened to her husband . Peter said to
There was a man named Ananias . His wife 's name was Sapphira . Ananias sold some land he had , but he gave only part of the money to the apostles . He secretly kept some of the money for himself . His wife knew this , and she agreed with it . Peter said , `` Ananias , why did you let Satan fill your mind with such an idea ? You kept part of the money for yourself and lied about it to the Holy Spirit ! Before you sold the field , it belonged to you , right ? And even after you sold it , you could have used the money any way you wanted . How could you even think of doing such a thing ? You lied to God , not to us ! '' When Ananias heard this , he fell down and died . Some young men came and wrapped his body . They carried it out and buried it . And everyone who heard about this was filled with fear . About three hours later his wife came in . Sapphira did not know about what had happened to her husband . Peter said to her , `` Tell me how much money you got for your field . Was it this much ? '' Sapphira answered , `` Yes , that was all we got for the field . '' Peter said to
There was a man named Ananias . His wife 's name was Sapphira . Ananias sold some land he had , but he gave only part of the money to the apostles . He secretly kept some of the money for himself . His wife knew this , and she agreed with it . Peter said , `` Ananias , why did you let Satan fill your mind with such an idea ? You kept part of the money for yourself and lied about it to the Holy Spirit ! Before you sold the field , it belonged to you , right ? And even after you sold it , you could have used the money any way you wanted . How could you even think of doing such a thing ? You lied to God , not to us ! '' When Ananias heard this , he fell down and died . Some young men came and wrapped his body . They carried it out and buried it . And everyone who heard about this was filled with fear . About three hours later his wife came in . Sapphira did not know about what had happened to her husband . Peter said to her , `` Tell me how much money you got for your field . Was it this much ? '' Sapphira answered , `` Yes , that was all we got for the field . '' Peter said to her , `` Why did you and your husband agree to test the Spirit of the Lord ? Listen ! Do you hear those footsteps ? The men who buried your husband are at the door . They will carry you out in the same way . '' At that moment Sapphira fell down by
They will be strangers . The people there will make them slaves and do bad things to them for 400 years . But I will punish the nation that made them slaves . ' And God also said , ' After those things happen , your people will come out of that country . Then they will worship me here in this place . ' `` God made an agreement with Abraham ; the sign for this agreement was circumcision . And so when Abraham had a son , he circumcised him when he was eight days old . His son 's name was Isaac . Isaac also circumcised his son Jacob . And Jacob did the same for his sons who became the twelve great ancestors of our people . `` These ancestors of ours became jealous of their brother Joseph and sold him to be a slave in Egypt . But God was with him and saved him from all his troubles . Pharaoh was the king of Egypt then . He liked Joseph and respected him because of the wisdom God gave him . Pharaoh gave Joseph the job of being a governor of Egypt . He even let him rule over all the people in Pharaoh 's house . But all the land of Egypt and of Canaan became dry . It became so dry that food could not grow , and the people suffered very much . Our people could not find anything to eat . `` But Jacob heard that there was food in Egypt . So he sent our people there . This was their first trip to Egypt . Then they went there a second time . This time Joseph told his brothers who he was . And Pharaoh learned about Joseph 's family . Then Joseph sent some men to tell Jacob , his father , to come to Egypt . He also invited all his relatives , a total of 75 people . So Jacob went down to Egypt . He and our other ancestors lived there until they died . Later , their bodies were moved to Shechem , where they were put in a tomb . It was the same tomb that Abraham had bought in Shechem from the sons of Hamor . He paid them with silver . `` The number of our people in Egypt grew . There were more and more of our people there . The promise that God made to Abraham was soon to come true . Then a different king began to rule Egypt , one who knew nothing about Joseph . This king tricked our people . He treated them badly , making them leave their children outside to die . `` This was the time when Moses was born . He was a very beautiful child , and for three months his parents took care of him at home . When they put him outside , Pharaoh 's daughter took
He bragged and called himself a great man . All the people -- the least important and the most important -- believed what he said . They said , `` This man has the power of God that is called ' the Great Power . ' '' Simon amazed the people with his magic for so long that the people became his followers . But Philip told the people the Good News about God 's kingdom and the power of Jesus Christ . Men and women believed Philip and were baptized . Simon himself also believed , and after he was baptized , he stayed close to Philip . When he saw the miraculous signs and powerful things Philip did , he was amazed . The apostles in Jerusalem heard that the people of Samaria had accepted the word of God . So they sent Peter and John to the people in Samaria . When Peter and John arrived , they prayed for the Samaritan believers to receive the Holy Spirit . These people had been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus , but the Holy Spirit had not yet come down on any of them . This is why Peter and John prayed . When the two apostles laid their hands on the people , they received the Holy Spirit . Simon saw that the Spirit was given to people when the apostles laid their hands on them . So he offered the apostles money . He said , `` Give me this power so that when I lay my hands on someone , they will receive the Holy Spirit . '' Peter said to Simon , `` You and your money should both be destroyed because you thought you could buy God 's gift with money . You can not share with us in this work . Your heart is not right before God . Change your heart ! Turn away from these evil thoughts and pray to the Lord . Maybe he will forgive you . I see that you are full of bitter jealousy and can not stop yourself from doing wrong . '' Simon answered , `` Both of you pray to the Lord for me , so that what you have said will not happen to me . '' Then the two apostles told the people what they had seen Jesus do . They told them the message of the Lord . Then they went back to Jerusalem . On the way , they went through many Samaritan towns and told people the Good News . An angel of the Lord spoke to Philip . The angel said , `` Get ready and go south on the road that leads down to Gaza from Jerusalem -- the road that goes through the desert . '' So Philip got ready and went . On the road he saw a man from Ethiopia . He was a eunuch and an important officer in the service of Candace , the queen of the Ethiopians .
During this same time , King Herod began to persecute some of the people who were part of the church . He ordered James , the brother of John , to be killed with a sword . Herod saw that many of the Jews liked this , so he decided to arrest Peter too . This happened during the Festival of Unleavened Bread . He arrested Peter and put him in jail , where he was guarded by a group of 16 soldiers . Herod planned to bring Peter before the people , but he wanted to wait until after the Passover festival . So Peter was kept in jail , but the church was constantly praying to God for him . One night , Peter , bound with two chains , was sleeping between two of the soldiers . More soldiers were guarding the door of the jail . Herod was planning to bring Peter out before the people the next day . Suddenly an angel of the Lord was standing there , and the room was filled with light . The angel tapped Peter on the side and woke him up . The angel said , `` Hurry , get up ! '' The chains fell off Peter 's hands . The angel said , `` Get dressed and put on your sandals . '' Peter did as he was told . Then the angel said , `` Put on your coat and follow me . '' So the angel went out and Peter followed . He did not know if the angel was really doing this . He thought he might be seeing a vision . Peter and the angel went past the first guard and the second guard . Then they came to the iron gate that separated them from the city . The gate opened for them by itself . After they went through the gate and walked about a block , the angel suddenly left . Peter realized then what had happened . He thought , `` Now I know that the Lord really sent his angel to me . He rescued me from Herod and from everything those Jews thought would happen to me . '' When Peter realized this , he went to the home of Mary , the mother of John , who was also called Mark . Many people were gathered there and were praying . Peter knocked on the outside door . A servant girl named Rhoda came to answer it . She recognized Peter 's voice , and
During this same time , King Herod began to persecute some of the people who were part of the church . He ordered James , the brother of John , to be killed with a sword . Herod saw that many of the Jews liked this , so he decided to arrest Peter too . This happened during the Festival of Unleavened Bread . He arrested Peter and put him in jail , where he was guarded by a group of 16 soldiers . Herod planned to bring Peter before the people , but he wanted to wait until after the Passover festival . So Peter was kept in jail , but the church was constantly praying to God for him . One night , Peter , bound with two chains , was sleeping between two of the soldiers . More soldiers were guarding the door of the jail . Herod was planning to bring Peter out before the people the next day . Suddenly an angel of the Lord was standing there , and the room was filled with light . The angel tapped Peter on the side and woke him up . The angel said , `` Hurry , get up ! '' The chains fell off Peter 's hands . The angel said , `` Get dressed and put on your sandals . '' Peter did as he was told . Then the angel said , `` Put on your coat and follow me . '' So the angel went out and Peter followed . He did not know if the angel was really doing this . He thought he might be seeing a vision . Peter and the angel went past the first guard and the second guard . Then they came to the iron gate that separated them from the city . The gate opened for them by itself . After they went through the gate and walked about a block , the angel suddenly left . Peter realized then what had happened . He thought , `` Now I know that the Lord really sent his angel to me . He rescued me from Herod and from everything those Jews thought would happen to me . '' When Peter realized this , he went to the home of Mary , the mother of John , who was also called Mark . Many people were gathered there and were praying . Peter knocked on the outside door . A servant girl named Rhoda came to answer it . She recognized Peter 's voice , and she was very happy . She even forgot to open the door . She ran inside and told the group , `` Peter is at the door ! '' The believers said to
Paul went to the city of Derbe and then to Lystra , where a follower of Jesus named Timothy lived . Timothy 's mother was a Jewish believer , but his father was a Greek . The believers in the cities of Lystra and Iconium had only good things to say about him . Paul wanted Timothy to travel with him , but all the Jews living in that area knew that his father was a Greek . So Paul circumcised Timothy to please the Jews . Then Paul and those with him traveled through other cities . They gave the believers the rules and decisions from the apostles and elders in Jerusalem . They told them to obey these rules . So the churches were becoming stronger in the faith and were growing bigger every day . Paul and those with him went through the areas of Phrygia and Galatia because the Holy Spirit did not allow them to tell the Good News in the province of Asia . When they reached the border of Mysia , they tried to go on into Bithynia , but the Spirit of Jesus did not let them go there . So they passed by Mysia and went to the city of Troas . That night Paul saw a vision . In it , a man from Macedonia came to Paul . The man stood there and begged , `` Come across to Macedonia and help us . '' After Paul had seen the vision , we immediately prepared to leave for Macedonia . We understood that God had called us to tell the Good News to those people . We left Troas in a ship and sailed to the island of Samothrace . The next day we sailed to the city of Neapolis . Then we went to Philippi , a Roman colony and the leading city in that part of Macedonia . We stayed there for a few days . On the Sabbath day we went out the city gate to the river . There we thought we might find a special place for prayer . Some women had gathered there , so we sat down and talked with them . There was a woman there named Lydia from the city of Thyatira . Her job was selling purple cloth . She was a worshiper of the true God . Lydia was listening to Paul , and the Lord opened
Paul went to the city of Derbe and then to Lystra , where a follower of Jesus named Timothy lived . Timothy 's mother was a Jewish believer , but his father was a Greek . The believers in the cities of Lystra and Iconium had only good things to say about him . Paul wanted Timothy to travel with him , but all the Jews living in that area knew that his father was a Greek . So Paul circumcised Timothy to please the Jews . Then Paul and those with him traveled through other cities . They gave the believers the rules and decisions from the apostles and elders in Jerusalem . They told them to obey these rules . So the churches were becoming stronger in the faith and were growing bigger every day . Paul and those with him went through the areas of Phrygia and Galatia because the Holy Spirit did not allow them to tell the Good News in the province of Asia . When they reached the border of Mysia , they tried to go on into Bithynia , but the Spirit of Jesus did not let them go there . So they passed by Mysia and went to the city of Troas . That night Paul saw a vision . In it , a man from Macedonia came to Paul . The man stood there and begged , `` Come across to Macedonia and help us . '' After Paul had seen the vision , we immediately prepared to leave for Macedonia . We understood that God had called us to tell the Good News to those people . We left Troas in a ship and sailed to the island of Samothrace . The next day we sailed to the city of Neapolis . Then we went to Philippi , a Roman colony and the leading city in that part of Macedonia . We stayed there for a few days . On the Sabbath day we went out the city gate to the river . There we thought we might find a special place for prayer . Some women had gathered there , so we sat down and talked with them . There was a woman there named Lydia from the city of Thyatira . Her job was selling purple cloth . She was a worshiper of the true God . Lydia was listening to Paul , and the Lord opened her heart to accept what Paul was saying .
The believers in the cities of Lystra and Iconium had only good things to say about him . Paul wanted Timothy to travel with him , but all the Jews living in that area knew that his father was a Greek . So Paul circumcised Timothy to please the Jews . Then Paul and those with him traveled through other cities . They gave the believers the rules and decisions from the apostles and elders in Jerusalem . They told them to obey these rules . So the churches were becoming stronger in the faith and were growing bigger every day . Paul and those with him went through the areas of Phrygia and Galatia because the Holy Spirit did not allow them to tell the Good News in the province of Asia . When they reached the border of Mysia , they tried to go on into Bithynia , but the Spirit of Jesus did not let them go there . So they passed by Mysia and went to the city of Troas . That night Paul saw a vision . In it , a man from Macedonia came to Paul . The man stood there and begged , `` Come across to Macedonia and help us . '' After Paul had seen the vision , we immediately prepared to leave for Macedonia . We understood that God had called us to tell the Good News to those people . We left Troas in a ship and sailed to the island of Samothrace . The next day we sailed to the city of Neapolis . Then we went to Philippi , a Roman colony and the leading city in that part of Macedonia . We stayed there for a few days . On the Sabbath day we went out the city gate to the river . There we thought we might find a special place for prayer . Some women had gathered there , so we sat down and talked with them . There was a woman there named Lydia from the city of Thyatira . Her job was selling purple cloth . She was a worshiper of the true God . Lydia was listening to Paul , and the Lord opened her heart to accept what Paul was saying . She and all the people living in her house were baptized . Then she invited us into her home . She said , `` If you think I am a true believer in the Lord Jesus , come stay in my house . '' She persuaded us to stay with her . One day we were going to the place for prayer , and a servant girl met us . She had a spirit in her that gave her the power to tell what would happen in the future . By doing this she earned a lot of money for the men who owned her . She started following Paul and the rest of us around .
Then Paul and those with him traveled through other cities . They gave the believers the rules and decisions from the apostles and elders in Jerusalem . They told them to obey these rules . So the churches were becoming stronger in the faith and were growing bigger every day . Paul and those with him went through the areas of Phrygia and Galatia because the Holy Spirit did not allow them to tell the Good News in the province of Asia . When they reached the border of Mysia , they tried to go on into Bithynia , but the Spirit of Jesus did not let them go there . So they passed by Mysia and went to the city of Troas . That night Paul saw a vision . In it , a man from Macedonia came to Paul . The man stood there and begged , `` Come across to Macedonia and help us . '' After Paul had seen the vision , we immediately prepared to leave for Macedonia . We understood that God had called us to tell the Good News to those people . We left Troas in a ship and sailed to the island of Samothrace . The next day we sailed to the city of Neapolis . Then we went to Philippi , a Roman colony and the leading city in that part of Macedonia . We stayed there for a few days . On the Sabbath day we went out the city gate to the river . There we thought we might find a special place for prayer . Some women had gathered there , so we sat down and talked with them . There was a woman there named Lydia from the city of Thyatira . Her job was selling purple cloth . She was a worshiper of the true God . Lydia was listening to Paul , and the Lord opened her heart to accept what Paul was saying . She and all the people living in her house were baptized . Then she invited us into her home . She said , `` If you think I am a true believer in the Lord Jesus , come stay in my house . '' She persuaded us to stay with her . One day we were going to the place for prayer , and a servant girl met us . She had a spirit in her that gave her the power to tell what would happen in the future . By doing this she earned a lot of money for the men who owned her . She started following Paul and the rest of us around . She kept shouting , `` These men are servants of the Most High God ! They are telling you how you can be saved ! '' She continued doing this for many days . This bothered Paul , so he turned and said to the spirit , `` By the power of Jesus Christ , I command you to come out of
But he and his wife , Priscilla , had recently moved to Corinth from Italy . They left Italy because Claudius had given an order for all Jews to leave Rome . Paul went to visit Aquila and Priscilla . They were tentmakers , the same as Paul , so he stayed with them and worked with them . Every Sabbath day Paul went to the synagogue and talked with both Jews and Greeks , trying to persuade them to believe in Jesus . But after Silas and Timothy came from Macedonia , Paul spent all his time telling God 's message to the Jews , trying to convince them that Jesus is the Christ . But they disagreed with what Paul was teaching and started insulting him . So Paul shook the dust from his clothes . He said to them , `` If you are not saved , it will be your own fault ! I have done all I can do . After this I will go only to the non-Jewish people . '' Paul left the synagogue and moved into the home of Titius Justus , a man who was a worshiper of the true God . His house was next to the synagogue . Crispus was the leader of that synagogue . He and all the people living in his house believed in the Lord Jesus . Many other people in Corinth also listened to Paul . They , too , believed and were baptized . During the night , Paul had a vision . The Lord said to him , `` Do n't be afraid , and do n't stop talking to people . I am with you , and no one will be able to hurt you . Many of my people are in this city . '' Paul stayed there for a year and a half teaching God 's message to the people . During the time that Gallio was the governor of Achaia , some of the Jews came together against Paul . They took him to court . They said to Gallio , `` This man is teaching people to worship God in a way that is against our law ! '' Paul was ready to say something , but Gallio spoke to the Jews . He said , `` I would listen to you if your complaint was about a crime or other wrong . But it is only about words and names -- arguments about your own law . So you must solve this problem yourselves . I do n't want to be a judge of these matters . '' So Gallio made them leave the court . Then they all grabbed Sosthenes , the leader of the synagogue . They beat him before the court . But this did not bother Gallio . Paul stayed with the believers for many days . Then he left and sailed for Syria . Priscilla and Aquila were also with
Many other people in Corinth also listened to Paul . They , too , believed and were baptized . During the night , Paul had a vision . The Lord said to him , `` Do n't be afraid , and do n't stop talking to people . I am with you , and no one will be able to hurt you . Many of my people are in this city . '' Paul stayed there for a year and a half teaching God 's message to the people . During the time that Gallio was the governor of Achaia , some of the Jews came together against Paul . They took him to court . They said to Gallio , `` This man is teaching people to worship God in a way that is against our law ! '' Paul was ready to say something , but Gallio spoke to the Jews . He said , `` I would listen to you if your complaint was about a crime or other wrong . But it is only about words and names -- arguments about your own law . So you must solve this problem yourselves . I do n't want to be a judge of these matters . '' So Gallio made them leave the court . Then they all grabbed Sosthenes , the leader of the synagogue . They beat him before the court . But this did not bother Gallio . Paul stayed with the believers for many days . Then he left and sailed for Syria . Priscilla and Aquila were also with him . At Cenchrea Paul cut off his hair , because he had made a promise to God . Then they went to the city of Ephesus , where Paul left Priscilla and Aquila . While Paul was in Ephesus , he went into the synagogue and talked with the Jews . They asked him to stay longer , but he refused . He left them and said , `` I will come back to you again if God wants me to . '' And so he sailed away from Ephesus . When Paul arrived at Caesarea , he went to Jerusalem and visited the church there . After that , he went to Antioch . Paul stayed in Antioch for a while . Then he left there and went through the countries of Galatia and Phrygia . He traveled from town to town in these countries , helping all the followers grow stronger in their faith . A Jew named Apollos came to Ephesus . Born in the city of Alexandria , he was an educated man who knew the Scriptures well . He had been taught about the Lord and was always excited to talk to people about Jesus . What he taught was right , but the only baptism he knew about was the baptism that John taught . Apollos began to speak very boldly in the synagogue . When Priscilla and Aquila heard
Many other people in Corinth also listened to Paul . They , too , believed and were baptized . During the night , Paul had a vision . The Lord said to him , `` Do n't be afraid , and do n't stop talking to people . I am with you , and no one will be able to hurt you . Many of my people are in this city . '' Paul stayed there for a year and a half teaching God 's message to the people . During the time that Gallio was the governor of Achaia , some of the Jews came together against Paul . They took him to court . They said to Gallio , `` This man is teaching people to worship God in a way that is against our law ! '' Paul was ready to say something , but Gallio spoke to the Jews . He said , `` I would listen to you if your complaint was about a crime or other wrong . But it is only about words and names -- arguments about your own law . So you must solve this problem yourselves . I do n't want to be a judge of these matters . '' So Gallio made them leave the court . Then they all grabbed Sosthenes , the leader of the synagogue . They beat him before the court . But this did not bother Gallio . Paul stayed with the believers for many days . Then he left and sailed for Syria . Priscilla and Aquila were also with him . At Cenchrea Paul cut off his hair , because he had made a promise to God . Then they went to the city of Ephesus , where Paul left Priscilla and Aquila . While Paul was in Ephesus , he went into the synagogue and talked with the Jews . They asked him to stay longer , but he refused . He left them and said , `` I will come back to you again if God wants me to . '' And so he sailed away from Ephesus . When Paul arrived at Caesarea , he went to Jerusalem and visited the church there . After that , he went to Antioch . Paul stayed in Antioch for a while . Then he left there and went through the countries of Galatia and Phrygia . He traveled from town to town in these countries , helping all the followers grow stronger in their faith . A Jew named Apollos came to Ephesus . Born in the city of Alexandria , he was an educated man who knew the Scriptures well . He had been taught about the Lord and was always excited to talk to people about Jesus . What he taught was right , but the only baptism he knew about was the baptism that John taught . Apollos began to speak very boldly in the synagogue . When Priscilla and Aquila heard him speak , they took
They , too , believed and were baptized . During the night , Paul had a vision . The Lord said to him , `` Do n't be afraid , and do n't stop talking to people . I am with you , and no one will be able to hurt you . Many of my people are in this city . '' Paul stayed there for a year and a half teaching God 's message to the people . During the time that Gallio was the governor of Achaia , some of the Jews came together against Paul . They took him to court . They said to Gallio , `` This man is teaching people to worship God in a way that is against our law ! '' Paul was ready to say something , but Gallio spoke to the Jews . He said , `` I would listen to you if your complaint was about a crime or other wrong . But it is only about words and names -- arguments about your own law . So you must solve this problem yourselves . I do n't want to be a judge of these matters . '' So Gallio made them leave the court . Then they all grabbed Sosthenes , the leader of the synagogue . They beat him before the court . But this did not bother Gallio . Paul stayed with the believers for many days . Then he left and sailed for Syria . Priscilla and Aquila were also with him . At Cenchrea Paul cut off his hair , because he had made a promise to God . Then they went to the city of Ephesus , where Paul left Priscilla and Aquila . While Paul was in Ephesus , he went into the synagogue and talked with the Jews . They asked him to stay longer , but he refused . He left them and said , `` I will come back to you again if God wants me to . '' And so he sailed away from Ephesus . When Paul arrived at Caesarea , he went to Jerusalem and visited the church there . After that , he went to Antioch . Paul stayed in Antioch for a while . Then he left there and went through the countries of Galatia and Phrygia . He traveled from town to town in these countries , helping all the followers grow stronger in their faith . A Jew named Apollos came to Ephesus . Born in the city of Alexandria , he was an educated man who knew the Scriptures well . He had been taught about the Lord and was always excited to talk to people about Jesus . What he taught was right , but the only baptism he knew about was the baptism that John taught . Apollos began to speak very boldly in the synagogue . When Priscilla and Aquila heard him speak , they took him to their home and helped
Brothers and sisters , you all understand the Law of Moses . So surely you know that the law rules over people only while they are alive . It 's like what the law says about marriage : A woman must stay married to her husband as long as he is alive . But if her husband dies ,
Brothers and sisters , you all understand the Law of Moses . So surely you know that the law rules over people only while they are alive . It 's like what the law says about marriage : A woman must stay married to her husband as long as he is alive . But if her husband dies , she is made free from the law of marriage . But if she marries another man while her husband is still alive , the law says
Brothers and sisters , you all understand the Law of Moses . So surely you know that the law rules over people only while they are alive . It 's like what the law says about marriage : A woman must stay married to her husband as long as he is alive . But if her husband dies , she is made free from the law of marriage . But if she marries another man while her husband is still alive , the law says she is guilty of adultery . But if her husband dies ,
Brothers and sisters , you all understand the Law of Moses . So surely you know that the law rules over people only while they are alive . It 's like what the law says about marriage : A woman must stay married to her husband as long as he is alive . But if her husband dies , she is made free from the law of marriage . But if she marries another man while her husband is still alive , the law says she is guilty of adultery . But if her husband dies , she is made free from the law of marriage . So if she marries another man after her husband dies ,
I want you to know that you can trust our sister in Christ , Phoebe . She is a special servant of the church in Cenchrea . I ask you to accept her in the Lord . Accept
I want you to know that you can trust our sister in Christ , Phoebe . She is a special servant of the church in Cenchrea . I ask you to accept her in the Lord . Accept her the way God 's people should . Help
Now I will discuss the things you wrote me about . You asked if it is better for a man not to have any sexual relations at all . But sexual sin is a danger , so each man should enjoy his own wife , and each woman should enjoy her own husband . The husband should give his wife what she deserves as his wife . And the wife should give her husband what he deserves as her husband . The wife does not have power over her own body . Her husband has the power over
Now I will discuss the things you wrote me about . You asked if it is better for a man not to have any sexual relations at all . But sexual sin is a danger , so each man should enjoy his own wife , and each woman should enjoy her own husband . The husband should give his wife what she deserves as his wife . And the wife should give her husband what he deserves as her husband . The wife does not have power over her own body . Her husband has the power over her body . And the husband does not have power over his own body . His wife has the power over
The Lord did not give us any teaching about this . If you have a wife who is not a believer , you should not divorce her if she will continue to live with you . And if you have a husband who is not a believer , you should not divorce him if he will continue to live with you . The husband who is not a believer is set apart for God through his believing wife . And the wife who is not a believer is set apart for God through
Brothers and sisters , this is what I mean : We do n't have much time left . So starting now , those who have wives should be the same as those who do n't . It should not be important whether you are sad or whether you are happy . If you buy something , it should not matter to you that you own it . You should use the things of the world without letting them become important to you . This is how you should live , because this world , the way it is now , will soon be gone . I want you to be free from worry . A man who is not married is busy with the Lord 's work . He is trying to please the Lord . But a man who is married is busy with things of the world . He is trying to please his wife . He must think about two things -- pleasing his wife and pleasing the Lord . A woman who is not married or a girl who has never married is busy with the Lord 's work . She wants to give herself fully -- body and spirit -- to the Lord . But a married woman is busy with things of the world . She is trying to please her husband . I am saying this to help you . I am not trying to limit you , but I want you to live in the right way . And I want you to give yourselves fully to the Lord without giving your time to other things . A man might think that he is not doing the right thing with his fiancee . She might be almost past the best age to marry . So he might feel that he should marry her . He should do what he wants . It is no sin for them to get married . But another man might be more sure in his mind . There may be no need for marriage , so he is free to do what he wants . If he has decided in his own heart not to marry his fiancee , he is doing the right thing . So the man who marries his fiancee does right , and the man who does not marry does better . A woman should stay with her husband as long as he lives . But if the husband dies , the woman is free to marry any man
But you should be giving thanks to God . You can be sure of this : No one will have a place in the kingdom of Christ and of God if that person commits sexual sins , or does evil things , or is a person who selfishly wants more and more . A greedy person like that is serving a false god . Do n't let anyone fool you with words that are not true . God gets very angry when people who do n't obey him talk like that . So do n't have anything to do with them . In the past you were full of darkness , but now you are full of light in the Lord . So live like children who belong to the light . This light produces every kind of goodness , right living , and truth . Try to learn what pleases the Lord . Have no part in the things that people in darkness do , which produce nothing good . Instead , tell everyone how wrong those things are . It is really very shameful to even talk about the things those people do in secret . But the light makes clear how wrong those things are . Yes , everything is made clear by the light . This is why we say , `` Wake up , you who are sleeping ! Rise from death , and Christ will shine on you . '' So be very careful how you live . Live wisely , not like fools . I mean that you should use every opportunity you have for doing good , because these are evil times . So do n't be foolish with your lives , but learn what the Lord wants you to do . Do n't be drunk with wine , which will ruin your life , but be filled with the Spirit . Encourage each other with psalms , hymns , and spiritual songs . Sing and make music in your hearts to the Lord . Always give thanks to God the Father for everything in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ . Be willing to serve each other out of respect for Christ . Wives , be willing to serve your husbands the same as the Lord . A husband is the head of his wife , just as Christ is the head of the church . Christ is the Savior of the church , which is his body . The church serves under Christ , so it is the same with you wives . You should be willing to serve your husbands in everything . Husbands , love your wives the same as Christ loved the church and gave his life for it . He died to make the church holy . He used the telling of the Good News to make the church clean by washing it with water . Christ died so that he could give the church to himself like a bride in all her beauty .
You are guilty of breaking God 's law . You might follow all of God 's law . But if you fail to obey only one command , you are guilty of breaking all the commands in that law . God said , `` Do n't commit adultery . '' The same God also said , `` Do n't kill . '' So if you do n't commit adultery , but you kill someone , you are guilty of breaking all of God 's law . You will be judged by the law that makes people free . You should remember this in everything you say and do . Yes , you must show mercy to others . If you do not show mercy , then God will not show mercy to you when he judges you . But the one who shows mercy can stand without fear before the Judge . My brothers and sisters , if a person claims to have faith but does nothing , that faith is worth nothing . Faith like that can not save anyone . Suppose a brother or sister in Christ comes to you in need of clothes or something to eat . And you say to them , `` God be with you ! I hope you stay warm and get plenty to eat , '' but you do n't give them the things they need . If you do n't help them , your words are worthless . It is the same with faith . If it is just faith and nothing more -- if it does n't do anything -- it is dead . But someone might argue , `` Some people have faith , and others have good works . '' My answer would be that you ca n't show me your faith if you do n't do anything . But I will show you my faith by the good I do . You believe there is one God . That 's good , but even the demons believe that ! And they shake with fear . You fool ! Faith that does nothing is worth nothing . Do you want me to prove this to you ? Our father Abraham was made right with God by what he did . He offered his son Isaac to God on the altar . So you see that Abraham 's faith and what he did worked together . His faith was made perfect by what he did . This shows the full meaning of the Scriptures that say , `` Abraham believed God , and because of this faith he was accepted as one who is right with God . '' Abraham was called `` God 's friend . '' So you see that people are made right with God by what they do . They can not be made right by faith alone . Another example is Rahab . She was a prostitute , but she was made right with God by something
You might follow all of God 's law . But if you fail to obey only one command , you are guilty of breaking all the commands in that law . God said , `` Do n't commit adultery . '' The same God also said , `` Do n't kill . '' So if you do n't commit adultery , but you kill someone , you are guilty of breaking all of God 's law . You will be judged by the law that makes people free . You should remember this in everything you say and do . Yes , you must show mercy to others . If you do not show mercy , then God will not show mercy to you when he judges you . But the one who shows mercy can stand without fear before the Judge . My brothers and sisters , if a person claims to have faith but does nothing , that faith is worth nothing . Faith like that can not save anyone . Suppose a brother or sister in Christ comes to you in need of clothes or something to eat . And you say to them , `` God be with you ! I hope you stay warm and get plenty to eat , '' but you do n't give them the things they need . If you do n't help them , your words are worthless . It is the same with faith . If it is just faith and nothing more -- if it does n't do anything -- it is dead . But someone might argue , `` Some people have faith , and others have good works . '' My answer would be that you ca n't show me your faith if you do n't do anything . But I will show you my faith by the good I do . You believe there is one God . That 's good , but even the demons believe that ! And they shake with fear . You fool ! Faith that does nothing is worth nothing . Do you want me to prove this to you ? Our father Abraham was made right with God by what he did . He offered his son Isaac to God on the altar . So you see that Abraham 's faith and what he did worked together . His faith was made perfect by what he did . This shows the full meaning of the Scriptures that say , `` Abraham believed God , and because of this faith he was accepted as one who is right with God . '' Abraham was called `` God 's friend . '' So you see that people are made right with God by what they do . They can not be made right by faith alone . Another example is Rahab . She was a prostitute , but she was made right with God by something she did . She helped those who were spying for God 's people .
In the same way , you wives should be willing to serve your husbands . Then , even those who have refused to accept God 's teaching will be persuaded to believe because of the way you live . You will not need to say anything . Your husbands will see the pure lives that you live with respect for God . It is not fancy hair , gold jewelry , or fine clothes that should make you beautiful . No , your beauty should come from inside you -- the beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit . That beauty will never disappear . It is worth very much to God . It was the same with the holy women who lived long ago and followed God . They made themselves beautiful in that same way . They were willing to serve their husbands . I am talking about women like Sarah . She obeyed Abraham ,
Greetings from the Elder . To the lady chosen by God and to
Greetings from the Elder . To the lady chosen by God and to her children . I truly love all of you . And I am not the only one . All those who know the truth love you in the same way . We love you because of the truth -- the truth that lives in us . That truth will be with us forever . Grace , mercy , and peace will be with us from God the Father and from his Son , Jesus Christ , as we live in truth and love . I was very happy to learn about some of your children . I am happy that they are following the way of truth , just as the Father commanded us . And now , dear lady , I tell you : We should all love each other . This is not a new command . It is the same command we had from the beginning . And loving means living the way
I know the insults you have suffered from people who say they are Jews . But they are not true Jews . They are a group that belongs to Satan . Do n't be afraid of what will happen to you . I tell you , the devil will put some of you in prison . He will do this to test you . You will suffer for ten days , but be faithful , even if you have to die . If you continue to be faithful , I will give you the crown of life . `` Everyone who hears this should listen to what the Spirit says to the churches . Those who win the victory will not be hurt by the second death . `` Write this to the angel of the church in Pergamum : `` Here is a message from the one who has the sharp two - edged sword . `` I know where you live . You live where Satan has his throne , but you are true to me . You did not refuse to tell about your faith in me even during the time of Antipas . Antipas was my faithful witness who was killed in your city , the city where Satan lives . `` But I have a few things against you . You have people there who follow the teaching of Balaam . Balaam taught Balak how to make the people of Israel sin . They sinned by eating food offered to idols and by committing sexual sins . It is the same in your group . You have people who follow the teaching of the Nicolaitans . So change your hearts ! If you do n't change , I will come to you quickly and fight against these people with the sword that comes out of my mouth . `` Everyone who hears this should listen to what the Spirit says to the churches ! `` I will give the hidden manna to everyone who wins the victory . I will also give each one a white stone that has a new name written on it . And no one will know this name except the one who gets the stone . `` Write this to the angel of the church in Thyatira : `` Here is a message from the Son of God , the one who has eyes that blaze like fire and feet like shining brass . `` I know what you do . I know about your love , your faith , your service , and your patience . I know that you are doing more now than you did at first . But I have this against you : You let that woman Jezebel do what she wants . She says that she is a prophet , but she is leading my people away with her teaching . Jezebel leads my people to commit sexual sins and to eat food that is offered to idols . I have given
They are a group that belongs to Satan . Do n't be afraid of what will happen to you . I tell you , the devil will put some of you in prison . He will do this to test you . You will suffer for ten days , but be faithful , even if you have to die . If you continue to be faithful , I will give you the crown of life . `` Everyone who hears this should listen to what the Spirit says to the churches . Those who win the victory will not be hurt by the second death . `` Write this to the angel of the church in Pergamum : `` Here is a message from the one who has the sharp two - edged sword . `` I know where you live . You live where Satan has his throne , but you are true to me . You did not refuse to tell about your faith in me even during the time of Antipas . Antipas was my faithful witness who was killed in your city , the city where Satan lives . `` But I have a few things against you . You have people there who follow the teaching of Balaam . Balaam taught Balak how to make the people of Israel sin . They sinned by eating food offered to idols and by committing sexual sins . It is the same in your group . You have people who follow the teaching of the Nicolaitans . So change your hearts ! If you do n't change , I will come to you quickly and fight against these people with the sword that comes out of my mouth . `` Everyone who hears this should listen to what the Spirit says to the churches ! `` I will give the hidden manna to everyone who wins the victory . I will also give each one a white stone that has a new name written on it . And no one will know this name except the one who gets the stone . `` Write this to the angel of the church in Thyatira : `` Here is a message from the Son of God , the one who has eyes that blaze like fire and feet like shining brass . `` I know what you do . I know about your love , your faith , your service , and your patience . I know that you are doing more now than you did at first . But I have this against you : You let that woman Jezebel do what she wants . She says that she is a prophet , but she is leading my people away with her teaching . Jezebel leads my people to commit sexual sins and to eat food that is offered to idols . I have given her time to change her heart and turn away from her sin , but she does not want to change . `` So I will throw
He will do this to test you . You will suffer for ten days , but be faithful , even if you have to die . If you continue to be faithful , I will give you the crown of life . `` Everyone who hears this should listen to what the Spirit says to the churches . Those who win the victory will not be hurt by the second death . `` Write this to the angel of the church in Pergamum : `` Here is a message from the one who has the sharp two - edged sword . `` I know where you live . You live where Satan has his throne , but you are true to me . You did not refuse to tell about your faith in me even during the time of Antipas . Antipas was my faithful witness who was killed in your city , the city where Satan lives . `` But I have a few things against you . You have people there who follow the teaching of Balaam . Balaam taught Balak how to make the people of Israel sin . They sinned by eating food offered to idols and by committing sexual sins . It is the same in your group . You have people who follow the teaching of the Nicolaitans . So change your hearts ! If you do n't change , I will come to you quickly and fight against these people with the sword that comes out of my mouth . `` Everyone who hears this should listen to what the Spirit says to the churches ! `` I will give the hidden manna to everyone who wins the victory . I will also give each one a white stone that has a new name written on it . And no one will know this name except the one who gets the stone . `` Write this to the angel of the church in Thyatira : `` Here is a message from the Son of God , the one who has eyes that blaze like fire and feet like shining brass . `` I know what you do . I know about your love , your faith , your service , and your patience . I know that you are doing more now than you did at first . But I have this against you : You let that woman Jezebel do what she wants . She says that she is a prophet , but she is leading my people away with her teaching . Jezebel leads my people to commit sexual sins and to eat food that is offered to idols . I have given her time to change her heart and turn away from her sin , but she does not want to change . `` So I will throw her on a bed of suffering . And all those who commit adultery with her will suffer greatly . I will do this now if they do n't turn away from the things
You will suffer for ten days , but be faithful , even if you have to die . If you continue to be faithful , I will give you the crown of life . `` Everyone who hears this should listen to what the Spirit says to the churches . Those who win the victory will not be hurt by the second death . `` Write this to the angel of the church in Pergamum : `` Here is a message from the one who has the sharp two - edged sword . `` I know where you live . You live where Satan has his throne , but you are true to me . You did not refuse to tell about your faith in me even during the time of Antipas . Antipas was my faithful witness who was killed in your city , the city where Satan lives . `` But I have a few things against you . You have people there who follow the teaching of Balaam . Balaam taught Balak how to make the people of Israel sin . They sinned by eating food offered to idols and by committing sexual sins . It is the same in your group . You have people who follow the teaching of the Nicolaitans . So change your hearts ! If you do n't change , I will come to you quickly and fight against these people with the sword that comes out of my mouth . `` Everyone who hears this should listen to what the Spirit says to the churches ! `` I will give the hidden manna to everyone who wins the victory . I will also give each one a white stone that has a new name written on it . And no one will know this name except the one who gets the stone . `` Write this to the angel of the church in Thyatira : `` Here is a message from the Son of God , the one who has eyes that blaze like fire and feet like shining brass . `` I know what you do . I know about your love , your faith , your service , and your patience . I know that you are doing more now than you did at first . But I have this against you : You let that woman Jezebel do what she wants . She says that she is a prophet , but she is leading my people away with her teaching . Jezebel leads my people to commit sexual sins and to eat food that is offered to idols . I have given her time to change her heart and turn away from her sin , but she does not want to change . `` So I will throw her on a bed of suffering . And all those who commit adultery with her will suffer greatly . I will do this now if they do n't turn away from the things she does . I will also kill
Those who win the victory will not be hurt by the second death . `` Write this to the angel of the church in Pergamum : `` Here is a message from the one who has the sharp two - edged sword . `` I know where you live . You live where Satan has his throne , but you are true to me . You did not refuse to tell about your faith in me even during the time of Antipas . Antipas was my faithful witness who was killed in your city , the city where Satan lives . `` But I have a few things against you . You have people there who follow the teaching of Balaam . Balaam taught Balak how to make the people of Israel sin . They sinned by eating food offered to idols and by committing sexual sins . It is the same in your group . You have people who follow the teaching of the Nicolaitans . So change your hearts ! If you do n't change , I will come to you quickly and fight against these people with the sword that comes out of my mouth . `` Everyone who hears this should listen to what the Spirit says to the churches ! `` I will give the hidden manna to everyone who wins the victory . I will also give each one a white stone that has a new name written on it . And no one will know this name except the one who gets the stone . `` Write this to the angel of the church in Thyatira : `` Here is a message from the Son of God , the one who has eyes that blaze like fire and feet like shining brass . `` I know what you do . I know about your love , your faith , your service , and your patience . I know that you are doing more now than you did at first . But I have this against you : You let that woman Jezebel do what she wants . She says that she is a prophet , but she is leading my people away with her teaching . Jezebel leads my people to commit sexual sins and to eat food that is offered to idols . I have given her time to change her heart and turn away from her sin , but she does not want to change . `` So I will throw her on a bed of suffering . And all those who commit adultery with her will suffer greatly . I will do this now if they do n't turn away from the things she does . I will also kill her followers . Then all the churches will see that I am the one who knows what people feel and think . And I will repay each of you for what you have done . `` But others of you in Thyatira have not followed
And then a great wonder appeared in heaven : There was a woman who was clothed with the sun , and the moon was under her feet . She had a crown of twelve stars on her head . She was pregnant and cried out with pain because she was about to give birth . Then another wonder appeared in heaven : There was a giant red dragon there . The dragon had seven heads with a crown on each head . It also had ten horns . Its tail swept a third of the stars out of the sky and threw them down to the earth . It stood in front of the woman who was ready to give birth to the baby . It wanted to eat the woman 's baby as soon as it was born . The woman gave birth to a son , who would rule all the nations with an iron rod . And her child was taken up to God and to his throne . The woman ran away into the desert to a place that God had prepared for
It also had ten horns . Its tail swept a third of the stars out of the sky and threw them down to the earth . It stood in front of the woman who was ready to give birth to the baby . It wanted to eat the woman 's baby as soon as it was born . The woman gave birth to a son , who would rule all the nations with an iron rod . And her child was taken up to God and to his throne . The woman ran away into the desert to a place that God had prepared for her . There she would be taken care of for 1260 days . Then there was a war in heaven . Michael and his angels fought against the dragon . The dragon and its angels fought back , but they were not strong enough . The dragon and its angels lost their place in heaven . It was thrown down out of heaven . -LRB- This giant dragon is that old snake , the one called the devil or Satan , who leads the whole world into the wrong way . -RRB- The dragon and its angels were thrown to the earth . Then I heard a loud voice in heaven say , `` The victory and the power and the kingdom of our God and the authority of his Christ have now come . These things have come , because the accuser of our brothers and sisters has been thrown out . He is the one who accused them day and night before our God . They defeated him by the blood sacrifice of the Lamb and by the message of God that they told people . They did not love their lives too much . They were not afraid of death . So rejoice , you heavens and all who live there ! But it will be terrible for the earth and sea , because the devil has gone down to you . He is filled with anger . He knows he does n't have much time . '' The dragon saw that he had been thrown down to the earth . So he chased the woman who had given birth to the child . But the woman was given the two wings of a great eagle . Then she could fly to the place that was prepared for her in the desert . There she would be taken care of for three and a half years . There she would be away from the dragon . Then the dragon poured water out of its mouth like a river . It poured the water toward the woman so that the flood would carry her away . But the earth helped the woman . The earth opened its mouth and swallowed the river that came from the mouth of the dragon . Then the dragon was very angry with the woman . It went away to make war against all
One of the seven angels came and spoke to me . This was one of the angels that had the seven bowls . The angel said , `` Come , and I will show you the punishment that will be given to the famous prostitute . She is the one sitting over many waters . The rulers of the earth sinned sexually with her . The people of the earth became drunk from the wine of her sexual sin . '' Then the angel carried me away by the Spirit to the desert . There I saw a woman sitting on a red beast . The beast was covered with evil names . It had seven heads and ten horns . The woman was dressed in purple and red . She was shining with the gold , jewels , and pearls that she was wearing . She had a golden cup in her hand . This cup was filled with terribly evil things and the filth of her sexual sin . She had a title written on her forehead . This title has a hidden meaning . This is what was written : the great babylon mother of prostitutes and the evil things of the earth I saw that the woman was drunk . She was drunk with the blood of God 's holy people .
One of the seven angels came and spoke to me . This was one of the angels that had the seven bowls . The angel said , `` Come , and I will show you the punishment that will be given to the famous prostitute . She is the one sitting over many waters . The rulers of the earth sinned sexually with her . The people of the earth became drunk from the wine of her sexual sin . '' Then the angel carried me away by the Spirit to the desert . There I saw a woman sitting on a red beast . The beast was covered with evil names . It had seven heads and ten horns . The woman was dressed in purple and red . She was shining with the gold , jewels , and pearls that she was wearing . She had a golden cup in her hand . This cup was filled with terribly evil things and the filth of her sexual sin . She had a title written on her forehead . This title has a hidden meaning . This is what was written : the great babylon mother of prostitutes and the evil things of the earth I saw that the woman was drunk . She was drunk with the blood of God 's holy people . She was drunk with the blood of those who told about their faith in Jesus . When I saw the woman , I was fully amazed . Then the angel said to me , `` Why are you amazed ? I will tell you the hidden meaning of this woman and the beast
When he was in that class , Ye Daying received patient teaching every day . At that time he encountered the first love of his life that still remains fresh in his memory . This girl became the only light in Ye Daying 's dark life for several years . In those days if a middle school student liked a fellow - student , how did he go about expressing that ? Um . When I was a school kid , for example , Um , that girl , who ran the kitchen and was one of the better students in our class , I liked
When he was in that class , Ye Daying received patient teaching every day . At that time he encountered the first love of his life that still remains fresh in his memory . This girl became the only light in Ye Daying 's dark life for several years . In those days if a middle school student liked a fellow - student , how did he go about expressing that ? Um . When I was a school kid , for example , Um , that girl , who ran the kitchen and was one of the better students in our class , I liked her . Mm . I always felt , um ,
When he was in that class , Ye Daying received patient teaching every day . At that time he encountered the first love of his life that still remains fresh in his memory . This girl became the only light in Ye Daying 's dark life for several years . In those days if a middle school student liked a fellow - student , how did he go about expressing that ? Um . When I was a school kid , for example , Um , that girl , who ran the kitchen and was one of the better students in our class , I liked her . Mm . I always felt , um , she can , give you more on your plate , put more things on your plate for you to eat . And then the most obvious way was um , to go see a movie together . Mm . It was , So already you could -- Go see a movie ; I thought , That was it , that was it . You just want to go see the movie , you do n't worry about holding hands or not , um , and that was great , -- So you went to the movies with this girl ? Yes . Do you still remember what movies you saw ? The Flower Girl . I still remember that now . Mm .
When he was in that class , Ye Daying received patient teaching every day . At that time he encountered the first love of his life that still remains fresh in his memory . This girl became the only light in Ye Daying 's dark life for several years . In those days if a middle school student liked a fellow - student , how did he go about expressing that ? Um . When I was a school kid , for example , Um , that girl , who ran the kitchen and was one of the better students in our class , I liked her . Mm . I always felt , um , she can , give you more on your plate , put more things on your plate for you to eat . And then the most obvious way was um , to go see a movie together . Mm . It was , So already you could -- Go see a movie ; I thought , That was it , that was it . You just want to go see the movie , you do n't worry about holding hands or not , um , and that was great , -- So you went to the movies with this girl ? Yes . Do you still remember what movies you saw ? The Flower Girl . I still remember that now . Mm . She cried as hard as she could . So seeing The Flower Girl was the equivalent of seeing Titanic now . Oh , yes , yes , a bit , a bit , yes , all was ready , no cry . Yes , crying her eyes out , a big film like that . At the time I thought I would n't cry . But the people all around were crying , and I thought if I did n't cry it would look bad . So then you cried . So then I thought , I should let my emotions go . Um , how was the girl , was she very pretty ? , now I remember that
When he was in that class , Ye Daying received patient teaching every day . At that time he encountered the first love of his life that still remains fresh in his memory . This girl became the only light in Ye Daying 's dark life for several years . In those days if a middle school student liked a fellow - student , how did he go about expressing that ? Um . When I was a school kid , for example , Um , that girl , who ran the kitchen and was one of the better students in our class , I liked her . Mm . I always felt , um , she can , give you more on your plate , put more things on your plate for you to eat . And then the most obvious way was um , to go see a movie together . Mm . It was , So already you could -- Go see a movie ; I thought , That was it , that was it . You just want to go see the movie , you do n't worry about holding hands or not , um , and that was great , -- So you went to the movies with this girl ? Yes . Do you still remember what movies you saw ? The Flower Girl . I still remember that now . Mm . She cried as hard as she could . So seeing The Flower Girl was the equivalent of seeing Titanic now . Oh , yes , yes , a bit , a bit , yes , all was ready , no cry . Yes , crying her eyes out , a big film like that . At the time I thought I would n't cry . But the people all around were crying , and I thought if I did n't cry it would look bad . So then you cried . So then I thought , I should let my emotions go . Um , how was the girl , was she very pretty ? , now I remember that she was very pretty , mm . Mm . She was a very good student . Ha ha , this -- How was it she liked you ? At that time we did n't talk about it , if two people gave each other the eye and felt it was right , then , Gave each other the eye , while you were in the class you gave each other the eye . , so , when we were in class , for example you , I remember how it happened , yes . Um . When we went to class , in the classroom , it was all very chaotic . Mm . Mm . So then , we 'd each pick up a piece of chalk and toss the chalk back and forth . And throw spitballs . I threw it at someone else but missed , and it hit
This girl became the only light in Ye Daying 's dark life for several years . In those days if a middle school student liked a fellow - student , how did he go about expressing that ? Um . When I was a school kid , for example , Um , that girl , who ran the kitchen and was one of the better students in our class , I liked her . Mm . I always felt , um , she can , give you more on your plate , put more things on your plate for you to eat . And then the most obvious way was um , to go see a movie together . Mm . It was , So already you could -- Go see a movie ; I thought , That was it , that was it . You just want to go see the movie , you do n't worry about holding hands or not , um , and that was great , -- So you went to the movies with this girl ? Yes . Do you still remember what movies you saw ? The Flower Girl . I still remember that now . Mm . She cried as hard as she could . So seeing The Flower Girl was the equivalent of seeing Titanic now . Oh , yes , yes , a bit , a bit , yes , all was ready , no cry . Yes , crying her eyes out , a big film like that . At the time I thought I would n't cry . But the people all around were crying , and I thought if I did n't cry it would look bad . So then you cried . So then I thought , I should let my emotions go . Um , how was the girl , was she very pretty ? , now I remember that she was very pretty , mm . Mm . She was a very good student . Ha ha , this -- How was it she liked you ? At that time we did n't talk about it , if two people gave each other the eye and felt it was right , then , Gave each other the eye , while you were in the class you gave each other the eye . , so , when we were in class , for example you , I remember how it happened , yes . Um . When we went to class , in the classroom , it was all very chaotic . Mm . Mm . So then , we 'd each pick up a piece of chalk and toss the chalk back and forth . And throw spitballs . I threw it at someone else but missed , and it hit her . The result was that she turned her head to look . And she looked at you angrily . I thought , uh-oh , the expression in
Mm . I always felt , um , she can , give you more on your plate , put more things on your plate for you to eat . And then the most obvious way was um , to go see a movie together . Mm . It was , So already you could -- Go see a movie ; I thought , That was it , that was it . You just want to go see the movie , you do n't worry about holding hands or not , um , and that was great , -- So you went to the movies with this girl ? Yes . Do you still remember what movies you saw ? The Flower Girl . I still remember that now . Mm . She cried as hard as she could . So seeing The Flower Girl was the equivalent of seeing Titanic now . Oh , yes , yes , a bit , a bit , yes , all was ready , no cry . Yes , crying her eyes out , a big film like that . At the time I thought I would n't cry . But the people all around were crying , and I thought if I did n't cry it would look bad . So then you cried . So then I thought , I should let my emotions go . Um , how was the girl , was she very pretty ? , now I remember that she was very pretty , mm . Mm . She was a very good student . Ha ha , this -- How was it she liked you ? At that time we did n't talk about it , if two people gave each other the eye and felt it was right , then , Gave each other the eye , while you were in the class you gave each other the eye . , so , when we were in class , for example you , I remember how it happened , yes . Um . When we went to class , in the classroom , it was all very chaotic . Mm . Mm . So then , we 'd each pick up a piece of chalk and toss the chalk back and forth . And throw spitballs . I threw it at someone else but missed , and it hit her . The result was that she turned her head to look . And she looked at you angrily . I thought , uh-oh , the expression in her eyes was like she would forgive you , that kind of feeling . I thought wow , it 's so wonderful , that kind of feeling . Mm . That 's how it was , I should say . It was like that ? Mm . Many years later , afterward , we graduated from senior middle school , and I was still going to see
In 1976 , there were two happy events in the Ye family . The first was that his father , Ye Zhengming , was released and reunited with his family that he had been separated from for three years . The second event was that Ye Daying had his 18th birthday and became an adult . With the turn for the better in his father 's political circumstances , Ye Daying left behind his violent life and changed suddenly , becoming more inward - looking . In 1978 the big news was that the college entrance exams would be reinstated nationwide , and people of Ye Daying 's age were thrilled . However , at this time Ye Daying , facing this opportunity that would change his fortune , was at a loss as to what to do . You thought those days were pretty good , did you not think about getting into the university ? Oh my , in fact , '78 , for me , was an especially depressing time . Mm . Mm . Up to then , um , I had never thought about the future . Mm . I thought everybody was the same , your fate settled things for you , um , you either go to a place live and work , or you became a -LRB- factory -RRB- worker . In society , being a worker was already not so bad a thing , um , a way to move ahead . Um , in '78 suddenly they reinstated the college entrance exams . At that time , in '78 , I was 20 . A lot of people were happy , very excited , because they reinstated the college entrance exams ; why were you feeling depressed ? Right , but the problem was , , Because , I had never done well in school . So right off I felt that I was finished , -- Those kids who were younger than us who had done well in school , , compared to me , they had a future , um , they could stand out . Mm . So I was hopeless , right off I was feeling down . Very clearly a -- If you wanted to take the exams , what kind of score did you think you 'd get . I did n't take the exams , I did n't have the nerve , I did n't try , so -- , the extraordinary thing was , at that time my mom was attending the film institute , she was an instructor there . Mm . Mm , I had n't thought , , that I would work in the movie . Mm . , um ,
In 1976 , there were two happy events in the Ye family . The first was that his father , Ye Zhengming , was released and reunited with his family that he had been separated from for three years . The second event was that Ye Daying had his 18th birthday and became an adult . With the turn for the better in his father 's political circumstances , Ye Daying left behind his violent life and changed suddenly , becoming more inward - looking . In 1978 the big news was that the college entrance exams would be reinstated nationwide , and people of Ye Daying 's age were thrilled . However , at this time Ye Daying , facing this opportunity that would change his fortune , was at a loss as to what to do . You thought those days were pretty good , did you not think about getting into the university ? Oh my , in fact , '78 , for me , was an especially depressing time . Mm . Mm . Up to then , um , I had never thought about the future . Mm . I thought everybody was the same , your fate settled things for you , um , you either go to a place live and work , or you became a -LRB- factory -RRB- worker . In society , being a worker was already not so bad a thing , um , a way to move ahead . Um , in '78 suddenly they reinstated the college entrance exams . At that time , in '78 , I was 20 . A lot of people were happy , very excited , because they reinstated the college entrance exams ; why were you feeling depressed ? Right , but the problem was , , Because , I had never done well in school . So right off I felt that I was finished , -- Those kids who were younger than us who had done well in school , , compared to me , they had a future , um , they could stand out . Mm . So I was hopeless , right off I was feeling down . Very clearly a -- If you wanted to take the exams , what kind of score did you think you 'd get . I did n't take the exams , I did n't have the nerve , I did n't try , so -- , the extraordinary thing was , at that time my mom was attending the film institute , she was an instructor there . Mm . Mm , I had n't thought , , that I would work in the movie . Mm . , um , she wanted to send the recruitment announcement to a friend 's house . Mm . So then I -- One day
Mm . Mm . Up to then , um , I had never thought about the future . Mm . I thought everybody was the same , your fate settled things for you , um , you either go to a place live and work , or you became a -LRB- factory -RRB- worker . In society , being a worker was already not so bad a thing , um , a way to move ahead . Um , in '78 suddenly they reinstated the college entrance exams . At that time , in '78 , I was 20 . A lot of people were happy , very excited , because they reinstated the college entrance exams ; why were you feeling depressed ? Right , but the problem was , , Because , I had never done well in school . So right off I felt that I was finished , -- Those kids who were younger than us who had done well in school , , compared to me , they had a future , um , they could stand out . Mm . So I was hopeless , right off I was feeling down . Very clearly a -- If you wanted to take the exams , what kind of score did you think you 'd get . I did n't take the exams , I did n't have the nerve , I did n't try , so -- , the extraordinary thing was , at that time my mom was attending the film institute , she was an instructor there . Mm . Mm , I had n't thought , , that I would work in the movie . Mm . , um , she wanted to send the recruitment announcement to a friend 's house . Mm . So then I -- One day she sent me to deliver it , and so I picked it up and read it , and once I read it , oh ! The directing department of the film institute , inside , no language exams , no math or physics or chemistry exams , and I thought wow ! This is just the ticket . Let 's run off to try and see . I thought you 've loved movies ever since you were little , and then every day sitting in the movie theater you thought , I want to be a director . No , I did n't , no . It was just because there was no English exam , no exams in math or physics or chemistry . Right , it was very simple . Mm . One more thing , because in '78 , the Beijing Film Institute was recruiting students in Shanghai -- Right . So , Ye Daying went to take the exams for the film institute , but did n't pass the exams . His mother , An Qi , had never thought that Ye Daying would sign up to take the exam for
When he was in that class , Ye Daying received patient teaching every day . At that time he encountered the first love of his life that still remains fresh in his memory . This girl became the only light in Ye Daying 's dark life for several years . In those days if a middle school student liked a fellow - student , how did he go about expressing that ? Um . When I was a school kid , for example , Um , that girl , who ran the kitchen and was one of the better students in our class , I liked
When he was in that class , Ye Daying received patient teaching every day . At that time he encountered the first love of his life that still remains fresh in his memory . This girl became the only light in Ye Daying 's dark life for several years . In those days if a middle school student liked a fellow - student , how did he go about expressing that ? Um . When I was a school kid , for example , Um , that girl , who ran the kitchen and was one of the better students in our class , I liked her . Mm . I always felt , um ,
When he was in that class , Ye Daying received patient teaching every day . At that time he encountered the first love of his life that still remains fresh in his memory . This girl became the only light in Ye Daying 's dark life for several years . In those days if a middle school student liked a fellow - student , how did he go about expressing that ? Um . When I was a school kid , for example , Um , that girl , who ran the kitchen and was one of the better students in our class , I liked her . Mm . I always felt , um , she can , give you more on your plate , put more things on your plate for you to eat . And then the most obvious way was um , to go see a movie together . Mm . It was , So already you could -- Go see a movie ; I thought , That was it , that was it . You just want to go see the movie , you do n't worry about holding hands or not , um , and that was great , -- So you went to the movies with this girl ? Yes . Do you still remember what movies you saw ? The Flower Girl . I still remember that now . Mm .
When he was in that class , Ye Daying received patient teaching every day . At that time he encountered the first love of his life that still remains fresh in his memory . This girl became the only light in Ye Daying 's dark life for several years . In those days if a middle school student liked a fellow - student , how did he go about expressing that ? Um . When I was a school kid , for example , Um , that girl , who ran the kitchen and was one of the better students in our class , I liked her . Mm . I always felt , um , she can , give you more on your plate , put more things on your plate for you to eat . And then the most obvious way was um , to go see a movie together . Mm . It was , So already you could -- Go see a movie ; I thought , That was it , that was it . You just want to go see the movie , you do n't worry about holding hands or not , um , and that was great , -- So you went to the movies with this girl ? Yes . Do you still remember what movies you saw ? The Flower Girl . I still remember that now . Mm . She cried as hard as she could . So seeing The Flower Girl was the equivalent of seeing Titanic now . Oh , yes , yes , a bit , a bit , yes , all was ready , no cry . Yes , crying her eyes out , a big film like that . At the time I thought I would n't cry . But the people all around were crying , and I thought if I did n't cry it would look bad . So then you cried . So then I thought , I should let my emotions go . Um , how was the girl , was she very pretty ? , now I remember that
When he was in that class , Ye Daying received patient teaching every day . At that time he encountered the first love of his life that still remains fresh in his memory . This girl became the only light in Ye Daying 's dark life for several years . In those days if a middle school student liked a fellow - student , how did he go about expressing that ? Um . When I was a school kid , for example , Um , that girl , who ran the kitchen and was one of the better students in our class , I liked her . Mm . I always felt , um , she can , give you more on your plate , put more things on your plate for you to eat . And then the most obvious way was um , to go see a movie together . Mm . It was , So already you could -- Go see a movie ; I thought , That was it , that was it . You just want to go see the movie , you do n't worry about holding hands or not , um , and that was great , -- So you went to the movies with this girl ? Yes . Do you still remember what movies you saw ? The Flower Girl . I still remember that now . Mm . She cried as hard as she could . So seeing The Flower Girl was the equivalent of seeing Titanic now . Oh , yes , yes , a bit , a bit , yes , all was ready , no cry . Yes , crying her eyes out , a big film like that . At the time I thought I would n't cry . But the people all around were crying , and I thought if I did n't cry it would look bad . So then you cried . So then I thought , I should let my emotions go . Um , how was the girl , was she very pretty ? , now I remember that she was very pretty , mm . Mm . She was a very good student . Ha ha , this -- How was it she liked you ? At that time we did n't talk about it , if two people gave each other the eye and felt it was right , then , Gave each other the eye , while you were in the class you gave each other the eye . , so , when we were in class , for example you , I remember how it happened , yes . Um . When we went to class , in the classroom , it was all very chaotic . Mm . Mm . So then , we 'd each pick up a piece of chalk and toss the chalk back and forth . And throw spitballs . I threw it at someone else but missed , and it hit
This girl became the only light in Ye Daying 's dark life for several years . In those days if a middle school student liked a fellow - student , how did he go about expressing that ? Um . When I was a school kid , for example , Um , that girl , who ran the kitchen and was one of the better students in our class , I liked her . Mm . I always felt , um , she can , give you more on your plate , put more things on your plate for you to eat . And then the most obvious way was um , to go see a movie together . Mm . It was , So already you could -- Go see a movie ; I thought , That was it , that was it . You just want to go see the movie , you do n't worry about holding hands or not , um , and that was great , -- So you went to the movies with this girl ? Yes . Do you still remember what movies you saw ? The Flower Girl . I still remember that now . Mm . She cried as hard as she could . So seeing The Flower Girl was the equivalent of seeing Titanic now . Oh , yes , yes , a bit , a bit , yes , all was ready , no cry . Yes , crying her eyes out , a big film like that . At the time I thought I would n't cry . But the people all around were crying , and I thought if I did n't cry it would look bad . So then you cried . So then I thought , I should let my emotions go . Um , how was the girl , was she very pretty ? , now I remember that she was very pretty , mm . Mm . She was a very good student . Ha ha , this -- How was it she liked you ? At that time we did n't talk about it , if two people gave each other the eye and felt it was right , then , Gave each other the eye , while you were in the class you gave each other the eye . , so , when we were in class , for example you , I remember how it happened , yes . Um . When we went to class , in the classroom , it was all very chaotic . Mm . Mm . So then , we 'd each pick up a piece of chalk and toss the chalk back and forth . And throw spitballs . I threw it at someone else but missed , and it hit her . The result was that she turned her head to look . And she looked at you angrily . I thought , uh-oh , the expression in
Mm . I always felt , um , she can , give you more on your plate , put more things on your plate for you to eat . And then the most obvious way was um , to go see a movie together . Mm . It was , So already you could -- Go see a movie ; I thought , That was it , that was it . You just want to go see the movie , you do n't worry about holding hands or not , um , and that was great , -- So you went to the movies with this girl ? Yes . Do you still remember what movies you saw ? The Flower Girl . I still remember that now . Mm . She cried as hard as she could . So seeing The Flower Girl was the equivalent of seeing Titanic now . Oh , yes , yes , a bit , a bit , yes , all was ready , no cry . Yes , crying her eyes out , a big film like that . At the time I thought I would n't cry . But the people all around were crying , and I thought if I did n't cry it would look bad . So then you cried . So then I thought , I should let my emotions go . Um , how was the girl , was she very pretty ? , now I remember that she was very pretty , mm . Mm . She was a very good student . Ha ha , this -- How was it she liked you ? At that time we did n't talk about it , if two people gave each other the eye and felt it was right , then , Gave each other the eye , while you were in the class you gave each other the eye . , so , when we were in class , for example you , I remember how it happened , yes . Um . When we went to class , in the classroom , it was all very chaotic . Mm . Mm . So then , we 'd each pick up a piece of chalk and toss the chalk back and forth . And throw spitballs . I threw it at someone else but missed , and it hit her . The result was that she turned her head to look . And she looked at you angrily . I thought , uh-oh , the expression in her eyes was like she would forgive you , that kind of feeling . I thought wow , it 's so wonderful , that kind of feeling . Mm . That 's how it was , I should say . It was like that ? Mm . Many years later , afterward , we graduated from senior middle school , and I was still going to see
In 1976 , there were two happy events in the Ye family . The first was that his father , Ye Zhengming , was released and reunited with his family that he had been separated from for three years . The second event was that Ye Daying had his 18th birthday and became an adult . With the turn for the better in his father 's political circumstances , Ye Daying left behind his violent life and changed suddenly , becoming more inward - looking . In 1978 the big news was that the college entrance exams would be reinstated nationwide , and people of Ye Daying 's age were thrilled . However , at this time Ye Daying , facing this opportunity that would change his fortune , was at a loss as to what to do . You thought those days were pretty good , did you not think about getting into the university ? Oh my , in fact , '78 , for me , was an especially depressing time . Mm . Mm . Up to then , um , I had never thought about the future . Mm . I thought everybody was the same , your fate settled things for you , um , you either go to a place live and work , or you became a -LRB- factory -RRB- worker . In society , being a worker was already not so bad a thing , um , a way to move ahead . Um , in '78 suddenly they reinstated the college entrance exams . At that time , in '78 , I was 20 . A lot of people were happy , very excited , because they reinstated the college entrance exams ; why were you feeling depressed ? Right , but the problem was , , Because , I had never done well in school . So right off I felt that I was finished , -- Those kids who were younger than us who had done well in school , , compared to me , they had a future , um , they could stand out . Mm . So I was hopeless , right off I was feeling down . Very clearly a -- If you wanted to take the exams , what kind of score did you think you 'd get . I did n't take the exams , I did n't have the nerve , I did n't try , so -- , the extraordinary thing was , at that time my mom was attending the film institute , she was an instructor there . Mm . Mm , I had n't thought , , that I would work in the movie . Mm . , um ,
In 1976 , there were two happy events in the Ye family . The first was that his father , Ye Zhengming , was released and reunited with his family that he had been separated from for three years . The second event was that Ye Daying had his 18th birthday and became an adult . With the turn for the better in his father 's political circumstances , Ye Daying left behind his violent life and changed suddenly , becoming more inward - looking . In 1978 the big news was that the college entrance exams would be reinstated nationwide , and people of Ye Daying 's age were thrilled . However , at this time Ye Daying , facing this opportunity that would change his fortune , was at a loss as to what to do . You thought those days were pretty good , did you not think about getting into the university ? Oh my , in fact , '78 , for me , was an especially depressing time . Mm . Mm . Up to then , um , I had never thought about the future . Mm . I thought everybody was the same , your fate settled things for you , um , you either go to a place live and work , or you became a -LRB- factory -RRB- worker . In society , being a worker was already not so bad a thing , um , a way to move ahead . Um , in '78 suddenly they reinstated the college entrance exams . At that time , in '78 , I was 20 . A lot of people were happy , very excited , because they reinstated the college entrance exams ; why were you feeling depressed ? Right , but the problem was , , Because , I had never done well in school . So right off I felt that I was finished , -- Those kids who were younger than us who had done well in school , , compared to me , they had a future , um , they could stand out . Mm . So I was hopeless , right off I was feeling down . Very clearly a -- If you wanted to take the exams , what kind of score did you think you 'd get . I did n't take the exams , I did n't have the nerve , I did n't try , so -- , the extraordinary thing was , at that time my mom was attending the film institute , she was an instructor there . Mm . Mm , I had n't thought , , that I would work in the movie . Mm . , um , she wanted to send the recruitment announcement to a friend 's house . Mm . So then I -- One day
Mm . Mm . Up to then , um , I had never thought about the future . Mm . I thought everybody was the same , your fate settled things for you , um , you either go to a place live and work , or you became a -LRB- factory -RRB- worker . In society , being a worker was already not so bad a thing , um , a way to move ahead . Um , in '78 suddenly they reinstated the college entrance exams . At that time , in '78 , I was 20 . A lot of people were happy , very excited , because they reinstated the college entrance exams ; why were you feeling depressed ? Right , but the problem was , , Because , I had never done well in school . So right off I felt that I was finished , -- Those kids who were younger than us who had done well in school , , compared to me , they had a future , um , they could stand out . Mm . So I was hopeless , right off I was feeling down . Very clearly a -- If you wanted to take the exams , what kind of score did you think you 'd get . I did n't take the exams , I did n't have the nerve , I did n't try , so -- , the extraordinary thing was , at that time my mom was attending the film institute , she was an instructor there . Mm . Mm , I had n't thought , , that I would work in the movie . Mm . , um , she wanted to send the recruitment announcement to a friend 's house . Mm . So then I -- One day she sent me to deliver it , and so I picked it up and read it , and once I read it , oh ! The directing department of the film institute , inside , no language exams , no math or physics or chemistry exams , and I thought wow ! This is just the ticket . Let 's run off to try and see . I thought you 've loved movies ever since you were little , and then every day sitting in the movie theater you thought , I want to be a director . No , I did n't , no . It was just because there was no English exam , no exams in math or physics or chemistry . Right , it was very simple . Mm . One more thing , because in '78 , the Beijing Film Institute was recruiting students in Shanghai -- Right . So , Ye Daying went to take the exams for the film institute , but did n't pass the exams . His mother , An Qi , had never thought that Ye Daying would sign up to take the exam for
Starting with the technical training , the Yongji peasant cooperative organization began to take shape . Aside from attening the classes , the peasants began to make demands of Zheng Bing , asking her to undertake some projects . Zheng Bing thereupon set up a poultry - raising project , serving as guarantor for it ; she helped the peasants take out a loan from a credit union for 150,000 to participate in this project . Did you ever think what you 'd do if they could't pay off this 150,000 yuan when it came due ? Um , at the time , I did n't think about it ; probably because I was so positive about it . But then it actually failed , alas ! A year later , it , failed , nobody paid back the money , and the credit union came after us . But I did n't feel any regret , I looked for the reasons . How could it have failed ? So the 150,000 yuan , the head of the credit union wanted to take me to court ,
Starting with the technical training , the Yongji peasant cooperative organization began to take shape . Aside from attening the classes , the peasants began to make demands of Zheng Bing , asking her to undertake some projects . Zheng Bing thereupon set up a poultry - raising project , serving as guarantor for it ; she helped the peasants take out a loan from a credit union for 150,000 to participate in this project . Did you ever think what you 'd do if they could't pay off this 150,000 yuan when it came due ? Um , at the time , I did n't think about it ; probably because I was so positive about it . But then it actually failed , alas ! A year later , it , failed , nobody paid back the money , and the credit union came after us . But I did n't feel any regret , I looked for the reasons . How could it have failed ? So the 150,000 yuan , the head of the credit union wanted to take me to court , he said , I should pay it back , and I said what I was responsible for I would take care of . If nobody wanted to pay it back , I would gradually pay it off . But I could n't pay it all back in one year . Then I telephoned
Starting with the technical training , the Yongji peasant cooperative organization began to take shape . Aside from attening the classes , the peasants began to make demands of Zheng Bing , asking her to undertake some projects . Zheng Bing thereupon set up a poultry - raising project , serving as guarantor for it ; she helped the peasants take out a loan from a credit union for 150,000 to participate in this project . Did you ever think what you 'd do if they could't pay off this 150,000 yuan when it came due ? Um , at the time , I did n't think about it ; probably because I was so positive about it . But then it actually failed , alas ! A year later , it , failed , nobody paid back the money , and the credit union came after us . But I did n't feel any regret , I looked for the reasons . How could it have failed ? So the 150,000 yuan , the head of the credit union wanted to take me to court , he said , I should pay it back , and I said what I was responsible for I would take care of . If nobody wanted to pay it back , I would gradually pay it off . But I could n't pay it all back in one year . Then I telephoned him : given my actual circumstances , if I pay it back in six years , is that OK ? The head of the credit union said it was n't OK , , he wanted to take me to court ,
Starting with the technical training , the Yongji peasant cooperative organization began to take shape . Aside from attening the classes , the peasants began to make demands of Zheng Bing , asking her to undertake some projects . Zheng Bing thereupon set up a poultry - raising project , serving as guarantor for it ; she helped the peasants take out a loan from a credit union for 150,000 to participate in this project . Did you ever think what you 'd do if they could't pay off this 150,000 yuan when it came due ? Um , at the time , I did n't think about it ; probably because I was so positive about it . But then it actually failed , alas ! A year later , it , failed , nobody paid back the money , and the credit union came after us . But I did n't feel any regret , I looked for the reasons . How could it have failed ? So the 150,000 yuan , the head of the credit union wanted to take me to court , he said , I should pay it back , and I said what I was responsible for I would take care of . If nobody wanted to pay it back , I would gradually pay it off . But I could n't pay it all back in one year . Then I telephoned him : given my actual circumstances , if I pay it back in six years , is that OK ? The head of the credit union said it was n't OK , , he wanted to take me to court , he wanted to shut down , uh , my store , and even confiscate my home . In a farming village , 150,000 yuan is no small sum . This burdensome debt took Zheng Bing 's breath away . Her husband 's not understanding and blaming her added to Zheng Bing 's psychological burden . With this enormous , difficult - to - bear pressure on her , she did not understand how a good thing could turn out this way , and Zheng Bing left home . But because Zheng Bing was the guarantor , the credit union still took Zheng Bing to court . But then how was it that the credit union let you go ? They did n't shut down your shop again or require you to mortgage the shop . At the time they filed a lawsuit against me , and the lawyer also came ! After the lawyer came , he explained these things to me ,
Good grief ! At first , , that credit union , Good grief ! That service , everywhere they were saying Zheng Bing is raising capital illegally . Look , she 's cheating you out of your money ! If she could cheat you out of several tens of thousands and then she could leave the country ! These things really shook up our government . Our people 's bank , our association , they all came . After they all came , they said to me , Zheng Bing , we need to investigate your business . I said , why do you need to investigate ? They said , we hear that you 're raising capital illegally . Because there , leaders of different sectors from our city , they all came here to us . When they said illegally raising capital , I was startled . I said , if it 's raising capital illegally , I 'll shut down right away , I wo n't do it anymore . An accusation of raising capital illegally is not a small matter . The bank investigated the matter , later it was persuaded and prevented by the city of Yongji . Therefore Zheng Bing , fed up with scare , even though she was convinced that she should give up , she was really unwilling . After thorough consideration , Zheng Bing made a surprising decision ; she donated the fertilizer store , with all of the profits going to pay the activity expenses of the peasant association . Essentially this fertilizer store enabled your family to earn money ; why did you want to give it away ? Because at the time everybody had become a shareholder , and once they had , it was everybody 's business . You ca n't take everybody 's business and run it as your own , to make money for yourself . So at the time I told my husband about this , and my husband , he did n't agree . Then do n't let everybody become a shareholder . Do n't let them become shareholders , then we 'll , be able to loan the money and get the business going . Oh ! But I felt , the peasants , they need this kind of service . Who would have guessed that my husband would be strongly opposed . I worked with
This is the World . I 'm Lisa Mullins . Not since he took power 13 years ago , has Yugoslavia 's President Slobodan Milosevic appeared so close to losing it . His grip began to slip on September 24th , when as even he admitted opposition candidate Vojislav Kostunica won more votes in a nation - wide election . Milosevic claimed , however , that Kostunica had failed to win at least 50 % and that another ballot would be necessary . The opposition insisted that Kostunica had won outright and staged mass anti-Milosevic demonstrations . Today , the protest reached a climax as hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets of Belgrade . The crowds took over the parliament building and a state television center and the events of the day resembled nothing so much as a popular revolution . The World 's Nenad Chebeck takes us to the streets of the Serbian capital in his eyewitness report . Rock drummer Dragon Zuricic pounded out a beat for marching and hundreds of thousands of demonstrators took up the call . Within minutes , the center of the town was blocked solid . Opponents of Slobodan Milosevic called on the Yugoslav President to relinquish power immediately . An opposition spokesman demanded that Milosevic accept the electoral will of the people , that the Federal Electoral Commission reveal what
They were pressured into silence . A declaration of the world 's foremost 5000 AIDS researchers and scientists , stating unequivocally that HIV leads to AIDS was contemptuously dismissed as fit only for the dustbin by the President 's spokesman , and then in a bid to clarify his stance , President Embeke addressed Parliament on the matter . The program of the government in this country is based on the thesis that HIV causes AIDS . But Embeke did n't stop there . AIDS is Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome . It 's a sensible thing to ask - Does one virus cause a syndrome ? A virus can not cause a syndrome , and AIDS is a syndrome . It might be a case of pure semantics but the President has resolutely refused to say clearly that HIV causes AIDS . He has accused his critics of racism when they point to unsafe sexual practices and the high incidents of rape in South Africa to explain why an estimated 1700 more people are infected with the HI virus everyday . The ensuing public debate has left South Africans , many of them uneducated and illiterate , confused and helpless . Here at Berthwana Hospital 's anti-natal clinic on the outskirts of Suheto the extent of the problem is frightening . This is Africa 's largest hospital and daily the wards fill with patients with AIDS related illnesses . In the anti-natal clinic slightly less than a third of pregnant women test positive for the HI virus . Their only hope for their unborn children is to sign up for a trial research program . This means they will be treated free of charge with antiretroviral drugs , which , have been proven in clinical trials elsewhere in Africa to dramatically reduce the risk of mother to child transmission , but to date the South African government has refused to provide the drugs at state hospitals arguing that they are too expensive . Florencen Gubeni is a counselor at the HIV AIDS Peri-natal Research Unit . She is HIV positive and also lost her child to AIDS , and she is angry with President Embeke . The one man that we believe that he can make a difference by saying something positive and being , he 's the one person who does n't understand whether HIV does cause AIDS . So of course though we follow him . he 's the President . he 's the man . he 's black , you know , and HIV in reality is affecting a lot of black men and they will take his statement , and that 's what we see that men are starting to say , ' We are men , We do n't have HIV , Even our President says so , Why should we use condoms ? You women are the ones who have HIV , Do it , It 's your own will . ' Florencen Gubeni also says the President 's attitude has made
The program of the government in this country is based on the thesis that HIV causes AIDS . But Embeke did n't stop there . AIDS is Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome . It 's a sensible thing to ask - Does one virus cause a syndrome ? A virus can not cause a syndrome , and AIDS is a syndrome . It might be a case of pure semantics but the President has resolutely refused to say clearly that HIV causes AIDS . He has accused his critics of racism when they point to unsafe sexual practices and the high incidents of rape in South Africa to explain why an estimated 1700 more people are infected with the HI virus everyday . The ensuing public debate has left South Africans , many of them uneducated and illiterate , confused and helpless . Here at Berthwana Hospital 's anti-natal clinic on the outskirts of Suheto the extent of the problem is frightening . This is Africa 's largest hospital and daily the wards fill with patients with AIDS related illnesses . In the anti-natal clinic slightly less than a third of pregnant women test positive for the HI virus . Their only hope for their unborn children is to sign up for a trial research program . This means they will be treated free of charge with antiretroviral drugs , which , have been proven in clinical trials elsewhere in Africa to dramatically reduce the risk of mother to child transmission , but to date the South African government has refused to provide the drugs at state hospitals arguing that they are too expensive . Florencen Gubeni is a counselor at the HIV AIDS Peri-natal Research Unit . She is HIV positive and also lost her child to AIDS , and she is angry with President Embeke . The one man that we believe that he can make a difference by saying something positive and being , he 's the one person who does n't understand whether HIV does cause AIDS . So of course though we follow him . he 's the President . he 's the man . he 's black , you know , and HIV in reality is affecting a lot of black men and they will take his statement , and that 's what we see that men are starting to say , ' We are men , We do n't have HIV , Even our President says so , Why should we use condoms ? You women are the ones who have HIV , Do it , It 's your own will . ' Florencen Gubeni also says the President 's attitude has made her job as an AIDS educator doubly difficult , especially persuading men to wear condoms . I really appreciate for
You want tight harmony singing ? How about these guys ? President Fidel Castro of Cuba and Hugo Chavez of Venezuela made beautiful music together , well , maybe not so beautiful music but they did break into song yesterday on Chavez 's call in radio show . Castro had more to sing about today , before returning home to Cuba . He learned that Venezuela has agreed to provide Cuba with cheap oil . As for Chavez , he is singing a different more aggressive tune these days . As The World 's Maria Soreas reports from Caracas , the Venezuelan leader is pushing parliament to pass an enabling law that would grant him special powers . The enabling law will give President Chavez the right to legislate by decree , which means he could rush dozens of laws through parliament , not just economic and financial reforms , but also laws dealing with security and the creation of a new national police force . Responding to his critics , Chavez recently defended his bid for power in a televized speech . I do n't think the matter is exceptional . The enabling law is a constitutional measure within a normal economic social and political situation . What 's one of its purposes ? Well , to accelerate solutions to our many problems . Although many members of Venezuela 's National Assembly are grumbling about the enabling law , Haber Cuniket professor of political science at Desimum Boulevard University has no doubt they will give Chavez , what he wants . Given that he has already controlled a majority of the National Assembly , it is very likely that the law will be passed and the general feeling is that there is a hurry in approving the legislation because the President seems to feel that he is running out of time with the popular support he has gotten ever since 1998 . Cuniket says , there has been a lot of public pressure on Chavez to live up to his many campaign promises , such as distributing land and wealth more equally among Venezuelans . Deputies from the opposition are voicing their discontent . Beneta Tikong belongs to a party called Democratic Action . Tikong says , her party is radically opposed to giving Chavez the special powers .
Neither candidate will be declared the President - elect until at least Friday . That 's when the overseas ballots will be counted and factored into the candidates ' final totals . The World 's Jennifer Glass reports from London . There are Floridians all over the world . Because abroad are n't counted in our census , no one knows how many , and no one knows how many voted . Those who did it like Margaret Sawn , an American working in Costa Rica , says she is glad a week and a half before Americans in the United States went to the polls that she cast her absentee ballot for George Bush . Well , because , you know , Gore was going after the outer voters very hard , I did feel Friday would be important , and , of course I did n't think , it would get down to this but who would n't . Here in London , Frances Deek is a retired teacher who lived in Britain for 18 years . She says she cast her absentee ballot for Al Gore . Deek says in recent days , she has had to defend the United States 's political system . Britains who notice she is American , have let her know what they think of the elections . They keep saying , " Oh , is n't that terrible . The biggest democracy in the world and it 's all falling apart . And I say it is because we are a democracy that it 's happening this way . It 's because everybody gets the vote . It 's because people will not let things slide . They want to know everything . This is part of being a democracy . But for Americans abroad , says Geek , participating in democracy voting is more work then for Americans in the United States . You have to make a very conscious effort and it takes mailing two things to get to vote . You have to send in your card to start with , and then when you get the ballot bag , you have to send the ballot back . So , it 's harder than if you just wandered up to your poll on Election Day and voted because you have been registered for years . In the Israeli town of Ramad Beithshamuz , Karen London originally from Hollywood , Florida , says she and her husband almost did n't vote .
Neither candidate will be declared the President - elect until at least Friday . That 's when the overseas ballots will be counted and factored into the candidates ' final totals . The World 's Jennifer Glass reports from London . There are Floridians all over the world . Because abroad are n't counted in our census , no one knows how many , and no one knows how many voted . Those who did it like Margaret Sawn , an American working in Costa Rica , says she is glad a week and a half before Americans in the United States went to the polls that she cast her absentee ballot for George Bush . Well , because , you know , Gore was going after the outer voters very hard , I did feel Friday would be important , and , of course I did n't think , it would get down to this but who would n't . Here in London , Frances Deek is a retired teacher who lived in Britain for 18 years . She says she cast her absentee ballot for Al Gore . Deek says in recent days , she has had to defend the United States 's political system . Britains who notice she is American , have let her know what they think of the elections . They keep saying , " Oh , is n't that terrible . The biggest democracy in the world and it 's all falling apart . And I say it is because we are a democracy that it 's happening this way . It 's because everybody gets the vote . It 's because people will not let things slide . They want to know everything . This is part of being a democracy . But for Americans abroad , says Geek , participating in democracy voting is more work then for Americans in the United States . You have to make a very conscious effort and it takes mailing two things to get to vote . You have to send in your card to start with , and then when you get the ballot bag , you have to send the ballot back . So , it 's harder than if you just wandered up to your poll on Election Day and voted because you have been registered for years . In the Israeli town of Ramad Beithshamuz , Karen London originally from Hollywood , Florida , says she and her husband almost did n't vote . Her ballot arrived late . Her husband said voting was a waste of time , but
Here in London , Frances Deek is a retired teacher who lived in Britain for 18 years . She says she cast her absentee ballot for Al Gore . Deek says in recent days , she has had to defend the United States 's political system . Britains who notice she is American , have let her know what they think of the elections . They keep saying , " Oh , is n't that terrible . The biggest democracy in the world and it 's all falling apart . And I say it is because we are a democracy that it 's happening this way . It 's because everybody gets the vote . It 's because people will not let things slide . They want to know everything . This is part of being a democracy . But for Americans abroad , says Geek , participating in democracy voting is more work then for Americans in the United States . You have to make a very conscious effort and it takes mailing two things to get to vote . You have to send in your card to start with , and then when you get the ballot bag , you have to send the ballot back . So , it 's harder than if you just wandered up to your poll on Election Day and voted because you have been registered for years . In the Israeli town of Ramad Beithshamuz , Karen London originally from Hollywood , Florida , says she and her husband almost did n't vote . Her ballot arrived late . Her husband said voting was a waste of time , but she insisted and mailed their ballots . Now London says she is glad she did n't listen to her husband and so is he . I did n't think anything of it and so when my grandson called Wednesday morning to say , ' Wake up , today your vote is going to count ' , then it was really a matter of , you know , our vote not only does it count like it shows in any election , but it really counts in the final and we voted an absentee ballot . But Londons did n't say which way they voted but they have cast ballots in each of the three Presidential elections held since they moved to Israel 9 years ago . This year , says Karen , has been special and a little frightening . It 's quite a daunting feeling to think that , you know , of hundreds and millions of people , you know , in this case our vote counts , although it does n't count more than any other citizen 's vote , in this particular moment it counts more than everybody else 's , because that 's what they are waiting for . Major Mikiang , a Floridian based in Germany is from Okichobee County , Florida .
I have a number of suggestions to help you through your national crisis over who should be the next President . And The World 's Eddie Mair has included them in this week 's letter from London . Normally I would n't interfere in your politics , at least not since Hillary Clinton called me and asked whether
I have a number of suggestions to help you through your national crisis over who should be the next President . And The World 's Eddie Mair has included them in this week 's letter from London . Normally I would n't interfere in your politics , at least not since Hillary Clinton called me and asked whether she should stand in New York . I advised
A Chinese cancer patient has become something of a celebrity . After doctors told Lu Yo Ching in August that he had three months to live , Lu began writing a diary on the internet . Now , five months later , Lu has survived to see his cyber diary published as a book . As the BBC 's Dunkin Humet reports , some Chinese readers are grateful for Lu 's writings but other find them offensive . In the private ward of a Shanghai hospital Shu Mu Yeng is a perfect host , offering her visitors tea and chatting calmly . In the next room her husband Lu Yo Ching lies sleeping in the final stages of cancer , exhausted both by the battle with the disease and by months of painful writing which have brought him both fame and criticism . Shu Mu Yeng says
A Chinese cancer patient has become something of a celebrity . After doctors told Lu Yo Ching in August that he had three months to live , Lu began writing a diary on the internet . Now , five months later , Lu has survived to see his cyber diary published as a book . As the BBC 's Dunkin Humet reports , some Chinese readers are grateful for Lu 's writings but other find them offensive . In the private ward of a Shanghai hospital Shu Mu Yeng is a perfect host , offering her visitors tea and chatting calmly . In the next room her husband Lu Yo Ching lies sleeping in the final stages of cancer , exhausted both by the battle with the disease and by months of painful writing which have brought him both fame and criticism . Shu Mu Yeng says he originally began his controversial diary as a purely personal concern . Before he put it on the internet he started writing at home for our daughter . As
A Chinese cancer patient has become something of a celebrity . After doctors told Lu Yo Ching in August that he had three months to live , Lu began writing a diary on the internet . Now , five months later , Lu has survived to see his cyber diary published as a book . As the BBC 's Dunkin Humet reports , some Chinese readers are grateful for Lu 's writings but other find them offensive . In the private ward of a Shanghai hospital Shu Mu Yeng is a perfect host , offering her visitors tea and chatting calmly . In the next room her husband Lu Yo Ching lies sleeping in the final stages of cancer , exhausted both by the battle with the disease and by months of painful writing which have brought him both fame and criticism . Shu Mu Yeng says he originally began his controversial diary as a purely personal concern . Before he put it on the internet he started writing at home for our daughter . As his illness developed he realized that in the future our daughter might lack the guidance of a father . So I encouraged
In the next room her husband Lu Yo Ching lies sleeping in the final stages of cancer , exhausted both by the battle with the disease and by months of painful writing which have brought him both fame and criticism . Shu Mu Yeng says he originally began his controversial diary as a purely personal concern . Before he put it on the internet he started writing at home for our daughter . As his illness developed he realized that in the future our daughter might lack the guidance of a father . So I encouraged him to write something to leave for her . But as he wrote the 37 - year - old former literature student , melon salesman , advertising executive and real estate manager decided he had feelings he wished to share with Chinese society at large . He sought out a local web site , which agreed to publish sections of his writings on the internet . Diary of Death , as it became known , affected many with its outspoken views , particularly Mr. Lu 's reflections on 6 years as a cancer sufferer in China . From the moment you pick up a lab report stating that the doctor has diagnosed cancerous cells , life starts to get tough . If you 're an official your career will stop dead . The Personnel Department will start looking for your successor and people will start positioning themselves to replace you . If you 're a businessperson your credit will suddenly be devalued . Even husbands or wives will start making calculations about the future . And if Chinese people 's attitude to cancer is a tragedy , writes Lu Yo Ching , the treatment of cancer patients in the medical system is like a black farce , high in cost but often ineffective . He compares the country 's overcrowded cancer wards to a conveyor belt where the surgeons are skilled because they have so much practice that bribes are often necessary to get quick treatment . Lu Yo Ching 's criticisms and his decision earlier this year to stop taking medication and stay out of hospital for as long as possible have provoked widespread debate . His wife Shu Mu Yeng sighs as she describes the 10,000 e-mail messages in their in - box . Many have been supportive and admiring but by no means all . According to Inzer , an editor with a Shanghai based web - site many people feel that it 's not appropriate for a dying man to go so public with his views on his illness . In Chinese people 's idea we have a tradition like we do n't talk to anybody about family things , especially some kind of unfortunate thing . For lots of old people it 's very shocking . Lu Yo Ching has freely admitted that he 'd be pleased if the book version of his diary earns some money to support his wife and daughter , yet
If Saddam Hussein was America 's public enemy number one in the early nineties
If Saddam Hussein was America 's public enemy number one in the early nineties he lost the dubious distinction to Slobodan Milosevic in the latter part of the decade . The Yugoslav strongman started four Balkan wars and eventually provoked the United States to lead Nato into a successful bombing campaign against Serbia . Milosevic got his this past fall losing elections in September and being ousted in October . His Socialist Party will try and probably fail to retain power in Parliament when Serb voters go to the polls this saturday . The BBC 's Jacky Roland reports on the fading prospects of Slobodan Milosevic . Surrounded by bodyguards Slobodan Milosevic arrives at a special meeting of his Socialist Party to discuss election tactics . He suffered a humiliating defeat back in September and the opinion polls predict another trouncing on Saturday , but his supporters are trying to put on a brave face . They voted overwhelmingly to keep him as party President . I asked a senior party official Branislav Ivkovic why they were keeping a leader who was such an obvious vote loser . Everybody asked me about President Milosevic . Leave him alone . It is true he is the President of Social Party , but Social Party of Serbia has 400,000 members . Ordinary people , family people but everybody of you want to know about President Milosevic , and strangely enough the young people of Serbia do n't seem to care about their former President . There is no talk of revenge among the drinkers at this bar in Belgrade . They are just glad to see the back of him . I am not interested about Slobodan Milosevic any more and I do n't really want to know what will happen to him . We must go on . Our people and our country want to forget that name and never speak it again any more . The Socialist Party will be lucky to win more than a few seats in Parliament . The Party has retreated into a parallel reality . Its television commercials depict a world that barely exists any more . Happy peasants in the mountains cut their grass using scythes . The former ruling party seems to have lost touch completely with ordinary voters . The man who used to be Information Minister Goran Matic says it is only a matter of time before they will be back in power . I am convinced that in two or three years time we will win elections and be back in government again , not because I want to be in power or a minister but because it 's in the interest of the citizens of our country . And it is clear that Milosevic and his wife have not given up their ambitions .
This week a court in New York began selecting the jury for the trial of 4 men charged with killing the 12 Americans who died in the bombings of the United States ' embassies in Kenya and Tanzania two years ago . Two hundred twenty four people died in the simultaneous attacks , more than 200 of them Kenyans . For the survivors , many of them severely injured , the year since the bombings have been hard . The BBC 's Cathy Drinkins in Nairobi met up with some of those trying to rebuild their lives from the ruins of the Kenya embassy blast . I heard a loud sound here and then we tried to look the window . I later realized that I was down . I could n't remember what happened thereafter and I found myself in the hospital . Beatrice Ketch was 23 when the bomb ripped out the windows of the office where she worked opposite the embassy . Beatrice is lucky in that she has been able to return to a job as a secretary , but she is still having treatment for scars on her legs and arms and face . I feel very bad because I want to have the very face I used to have before , yeah . I want to look beautiful . This scar alone makes me not look beautiful . Yeah , but you can hardly see it . It is just under your chin . Yeah , it 's under my chin , but there is also one on my hand here . Most people ask me what was wrong . Some people think maybe we were fighting with someone so I have to explain to them that this one was as a result of the bomb blast . Another victim , 36 - year - old Simon Macharia has had the unenviable task of trying to explain to policemen that he has n't fallen asleep drunk on a pavement , but has simply been confused . Since the bombing he has had psychological problems and has found himself locked in a police cell on three occasions after being picked up . Simon lived in one of Nairobi 's sprawling slums and he has had to give up his job delivering milk because of a hand injury sustained in the blast . Life for him , his wife and
This week a court in New York began selecting the jury for the trial of 4 men charged with killing the 12 Americans who died in the bombings of the United States ' embassies in Kenya and Tanzania two years ago . Two hundred twenty four people died in the simultaneous attacks , more than 200 of them Kenyans . For the survivors , many of them severely injured , the year since the bombings have been hard . The BBC 's Cathy Drinkins in Nairobi met up with some of those trying to rebuild their lives from the ruins of the Kenya embassy blast . I heard a loud sound here and then we tried to look the window . I later realized that I was down . I could n't remember what happened thereafter and I found myself in the hospital . Beatrice Ketch was 23 when the bomb ripped out the windows of the office where she worked opposite the embassy . Beatrice is lucky in that she has been able to return to a job as a secretary , but she is still having treatment for scars on her legs and arms and face . I feel very bad because I want to have the very face I used to have before , yeah . I want to look beautiful . This scar alone makes me not look beautiful . Yeah , but you can hardly see it . It is just under your chin . Yeah , it 's under my chin , but there is also one on my hand here . Most people ask me what was wrong . Some people think maybe we were fighting with someone so I have to explain to them that this one was as a result of the bomb blast . Another victim , 36 - year - old Simon Macharia has had the unenviable task of trying to explain to policemen that he has n't fallen asleep drunk on a pavement , but has simply been confused . Since the bombing he has had psychological problems and has found himself locked in a police cell on three occasions after being picked up . Simon lived in one of Nairobi 's sprawling slums and he has had to give up his job delivering milk because of a hand injury sustained in the blast . Life for him , his wife and his 6 children has been very difficult . My wife , she does n't just understand me because one thing
I feel very bad because I want to have the very face I used to have before , yeah . I want to look beautiful . This scar alone makes me not look beautiful . Yeah , but you can hardly see it . It is just under your chin . Yeah , it 's under my chin , but there is also one on my hand here . Most people ask me what was wrong . Some people think maybe we were fighting with someone so I have to explain to them that this one was as a result of the bomb blast . Another victim , 36 - year - old Simon Macharia has had the unenviable task of trying to explain to policemen that he has n't fallen asleep drunk on a pavement , but has simply been confused . Since the bombing he has had psychological problems and has found himself locked in a police cell on three occasions after being picked up . Simon lived in one of Nairobi 's sprawling slums and he has had to give up his job delivering milk because of a hand injury sustained in the blast . Life for him , his wife and his 6 children has been very difficult . My wife , she does n't just understand me because one thing she does n't know what 's going on . I just feel a lot of fury and a lot of anger in me . My money got finished and then my child comes , who needs a book , needs this . I do n't have . Their mother is not able to do that . It 's been hard to cope with this situation . Simon and Beatrice are among some 3000 Kenyans who have filed for compensation in the United States with the help of American lawyers . The legal rendings over the claims will begin soon , but according to Solomon Ombobia of the Bomb Blast Legal Rights Project in Nairobi , the money is needed now . We have seen people suffering . We even go to an extent of helping them even to get their bus fare . It has taken too long . Some people even come for assistance to even get money so that they can reach to hospitals , so it has taken too long . After two and half years , the trial is now getting underway in the United States , of four of the men accused of being behind the bombings . Beatrice Ketch wants justice to be done . What I feel is those people , they have to be punished severely because so many lives were lost at that time . Most people were injured . So me , what I want is that they should be punished . But the man the United States believes masterminded the attacks , Osama Bin Laden is still at large . The US government has offered a 5 million dollar reward for information which would lead to
United Nations Human Rights Commissioner Emily Robinson came perilously close to swelling the casualty tolls Sunday when a convoy carrying her through the West Bank was fired upon , but Ross Dunn reports ,
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak says he is freezing tens of millions of dollars in tax payments to the Palestinian Authority . Mr. Barak says he is withholding the money until the Palestinians abide by cease - fire agreements . Earlier Thursday Mr. Barak ruled out an early resumption of peace talks , even with the United States acting as intermediary . Eve Conette reports from Jerusalem . Defending what
Police in Barcelona , Spain Thursday , arrested two suspected members of the violent Basque separatist group Eta as they were preparing what may have been a car bomb . Gill Carbohol has more from Madrid . Police arrested a man and a woman suspected of being members of Eta 's Barcelona Commando Unit before dawn . They were driving an automobile which had been stolen in a nearby town in September . The couple had attracted the attention of police as they drove through pre-dawn Barcelona because the car 's license plate was dangling and one of the car doors was ajar . When they stopped the car police found the woman in the back seat with a package containing between fifteen to twenty kilograms of explosives . Police also found a gun of the type used in the killings blamed on the Barcelona Commando in the past few months . In a similar incident in Barcelona just twenty days ago , suspected Eta members who were likewise trying to place a car bomb , killed a city policeman and then got away . Thursday 's suspects readily identified themselves as members of Eta , although they gave false names . The man has been positively identified as 37 year old but police could not immediately identify the woman . Security officials are searching for at least one more member of the Barcelona Commando , which has killed two town councilmen , a former Minister of Health and a policeman in the past few months . Spanish anti-bombs technicians have been busy this week . On Wednesday they deactivated explosives placed outside a military installation in Gerona , just north of Barcelona , and on Tuesday Basque Regional Police deactivated a bomb placed in a flowerpot in a cemetery where members of the regional chapter of Spain 's ruling Popular Party had gathered for a commemorative ceremony in honor of one of their town councilmen who had been killed three years ago . Spanish Prime Minister Jose Marie Akhnar said that it was a miracle that a massacre had not occurred . Eta has been responsible for killing at least 800 people over the last 32 years in its bid to carve out an independent state from northern Spain and south western France . Meanwhile the Basque Country Regional Government , which is controlled by the pro-independence but moderate Basque National Party , said it would call regional elections later this year . Basque Chief Minister Hwank Hosei Bariche has been under intense pressure from the Popular and Socialist Parties to call early elections . He 's been ruling with the minority governments since Eta 's political wing broke its parliamentary alliance with
President Clinton has reached a deal with independent prosecutor Robert Ray to avoid indictment after leaving office . In a statement Friday , Mr. Clinton admitted he did not fully tell the truth when he gave testimony about his relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky .
President Clinton has reached a deal with independent prosecutor Robert Ray to avoid indictment after leaving office . In a statement Friday , Mr. Clinton admitted he did not fully tell the truth when he gave testimony about his relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky . He admitted false statements were made when he was questioned in the Paula Jones sexual harassment case . His lawyer David Kendall insists that Mr. Clinton is not guilty of perjury or obstruction of justice . He has from the beginning , at least from the Grand Jury , conceded that he tried to conceal the relationship with Ms. Lewinsky .
Yet he is n't in favor of new legislation . `` I think we 've got enough securities laws , '' he says . `` I 'd much rather see them dealing with interest rates and the deficit . '' Peter Anthony , who runs an employment agency in New York , decries program trading as `` limiting the game to a few , '' but he also is n't sure it should be more strictly regulated . `` I do n't want to denounce it because denouncing it would be like denouncing capitalism , '' he explains . And surprising numbers of small investors seem to be adapting to greater stock market volatility and say they can live with program trading . Glenn Britta , a 25 - year - old New York financial analyst who plays options for his personal account , says he is `` factoring '' the market 's volatility `` into investment decisions . '' He adds that program trading `` increases liquidity in the market . You ca n't hold back technology . '' And the practice should n't be stopped , he says , because `` even big players are n't immune to the rigors of program trading . '' Also in New York , Israel Silverman , an insurance - company lawyer , comments that program trading `` increases volatility , but I do n't think it should be banned . There 's no culprit here . The market is just becoming more efficient . '' Arbitraging on differences between spot and futures prices is an important part of many financial markets , he says . He adds that his shares in a company savings plan are invested in a mutual fund , and volatility , on a given day , may hurt the fund . But `` I 'm a long - term investor , '' he says . `` If you were a short - term investor , you might be more leery about program trading . '' Jim Enzor of Atlanta defends program trading because he believes that it can bring the market back up after a plunge . `` If we have a real bad day , the program would say , ` Buy , ' '' he explains . `` If you could get the rhythm of the program trading , you could take advantage of it . '' What else can a small investor do ? Scott Taccetta , a Chicago accountant , is going into money - market funds . Mr. Taccetta says he had just recouped the $ 5,000 he lost in the 1987 crash when he lost more money last Oct. 13 . Now , he plans to sell all his stocks by the first quarter of 1990 . In October , before the market dropped , Mrs. Arighi of Arnold , Calif. , moved to sell the `` speculative stocks '' in
`` They 're filming right now at the bank down the street , and they want shots of people getting out of cars and kids on skateboards . They are approaching everyone on the street and asking if they want to be in a docudrama . '' Mr. Sukle says he would n't dream of participating himself : `` No way . I think re-enactments stink . '' Though a re-enactment may have the flavor , Hollywood on the Hudson it is n't . Some producers seem tentative about the technique , squeamish even . So the results , while not news , are n't exactly theater either , at least not good theater . And some people do think that acting out scripts is n't worthy of CBS News , which once lent prestige to the network and set standards for the industry . In his review of `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' Tom Shales , the TV critic of the Washington Post and generally an admirer of CBS , wrote that while the show is `` impressive , ... one has to wonder if this is the proper direction for a network news division to take . '' Re-creating events has , in general , upset news traditionalists , including former CBS News President Richard S. Salant and former NBC News President Reuven Frank , former CBS News anchorman Walter Cronkite and the new dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism , Joan Konner . Says she : `` Once you add dramatizations , it 's no longer news , it 's drama , and that has no place on a network news broadcast ... . They should never be on . Never . '' Criticism of the Abbie Hoffman segment is particularly scathing among people who knew and loved the man . That includes his companion of 15 years , Johanna Lawrenson , as well as his former wife , Anita . Both women say they also find it distasteful that CBS News is apparently concentrating on Mr. Hoffman 's problems as a manic - depressive . `` This is dangerous and misrepresents Abbie 's life , '' says Ms. Lawrenson , who has had an advance look at the 36 - page script . `` It 's a sensational piece about someone who is not here to defend himself . '' Mrs. Hoffman says that dramatization `` makes the truth flexible . It takes one person 's account and gives it authenticity . '' CBS News interviewed Jack Hoffman and his sister , Phyllis , as well as Mr. Hoffman 's landlord in Solebury Township , Pa . Also Jonathan Silvers , who collaborated with Mr. Hoffman on two books . Mr. Silvers says , `` I wanted to be interviewed to get Abbie 's story out , and maybe talking about the illness will do some good . '' The executive producer of `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' Andrew Lack , declines to discuss re-creactions as a practice or
Seven Japanese department - store groups were approached by investment bankers representing Bloomingdale 's chairman , Marvin Traub , and more than half are seeking additional information on the group , bankers say . What Mr. Traub is hoping to put together , investment bankers say , is a management - led group to buy the New York department - store group that he heads from Campeau 's Federated Department Stores subsidiary . Federated ran into a cash crunch after it was acquired last year by Campeau , which relied heavily on debt to finance the transaction . Paying off that debt put such a squeeze on Campeau and its stores that Federated decided to sell off the jewels of its retailing empire , including Bloomingdale 's . Hoping to avoid another takeover , Mr. Traub retained Blackstone Group and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. to help him find partners for a management - led buy - out . Ideally , investment bankers say , he wants to get backing from a Japanese department store and a European department store to forge a global retailing network . `` When you look at the economics , Traub needs a Japanese and a European partner to make it work , '' says one investment banker who follows the retail industry . `` Looking only at a narrow American strategy is n't where it 's at . '' Persuading tradition - bound Japanese retailers to get involved in the turmoils of the U.S. retailing industry is n't likely to be so easy , analysts say . Up until now , most stores have followed the same basic overseas strategy : First they set up overseas merchandising offices to import items and track new fashion trends . Then they opened small gift shops mostly aimed at Japanese tourists . Reluctant to advance further on their own , some stores have settled for tie - ups with famous specialty shops . Last March , Isetan invested 1.5 billion yen -LRB- $ 10.6 million -RRB- in a venture with Barney 's Inc. , an up - scale New York specialty clothier . The first Barney 's shop is scheduled to open in Japan next year . And Mitsukoshi recently increased its equity stake in Tiffany & Co. to 13 % . Through the longstanding relationship between the two companies , Mitsukoshi has opened 22 Tiffany shops in its stores and arcades in Japan . Plans are under way to open a Tiffany 's in Hawaii to cater to Japanese tourists ; it will be run mostly by Mitsukoshi . Some industry observers say that Mitsukoshi 's classy image makes it a possible match for Saks Fifth Avenue . Company officials say they are studying various proposals but wo n't discuss details . Takashimaya Co. , Japan 's oldest department store , is another name that keeps popping up as a potential fit with Saks . Eiji Nakazato , a Takashimaya general manager , admits that
I 'm enjoying my life and who I am today . The aspect of being a mega-lawyer is n't as important . '' Do n't Linger `` The best thing you can do is get off the screen , '' says Mr. Buchwald . Nobody proved that more masterfully than Mr. Coelho , the former Democratic majority whip . Declaring that there was life after Congress , he resigned almost immediately after media reports questioned the propriety of a 1986 junk - bond investment , before any official investigations took hold . Among the glitterati who turned out in bipartisan black - tie force to benefit the Coelho Epilepsy Fund last month were Sen. Robert Dole , Rep. Newt Gingrich , and other kingpins of Congress . Dan Rather served as emcee . From his new , million - dollar - a - year perch on Wall Street as a managing director of Wertheim Schroder & Co. , Mr. Coelho reports that many of his former colleagues have contacted him to find out how they , too , can pursue investment banking careers . It Helps to Be Male Male scandal victims invariably fare better . Anne Burford , the former EPA chief who resigned under fire in 1983 during a flap with Congress , was kayoed in the confrontation , even though she was never charged with official wrondgoing . She worked part - time as a consultant and wrote a book , but never restarted her high - powered legal career . It did n't help when , in 1986 , she was charged -LRB- and then cleared -RRB- on allegations of public drunkenness . `` I cut my losses and ran , '' she says , from her new home in Colorado , where she is busy remodeling . Mrs. Burford remains bitter over the overwhelming legal expenses involved in clearing her name . `` My husband was instantly impoverished by the very act of marrying me , '' she says . Another former EPA official , Rita Lavelle , is still struggling after her conviction in 1983 on perjury charges . `` There 's nothing she could do to bring herself back to where she was , '' says her lawyer , James Bierbower . `` You could say she survived , but it was n't easy on her . '' No book contracts have been dangled before Deborah Gore Dean , the reigning queen of the HUD scandal . Donna Rice of Gary Hart fame failed to obtain a book contract and lost her modeling contract for `` No Excuses '' jeans . Fawn Hall , Oliver North 's former secretary , has yet to launch a hoped - for television news career , according to her lawyer . Rita Jenrette , the former wife of Abscam - indicted Rep. John Jenrette , has yet to hit it big in Hollywood , although with roles in such movies as `` Zombie Island Massacre '' and `` Aunt Ida 's Bikini Shop , ''
Among the glitterati who turned out in bipartisan black - tie force to benefit the Coelho Epilepsy Fund last month were Sen. Robert Dole , Rep. Newt Gingrich , and other kingpins of Congress . Dan Rather served as emcee . From his new , million - dollar - a - year perch on Wall Street as a managing director of Wertheim Schroder & Co. , Mr. Coelho reports that many of his former colleagues have contacted him to find out how they , too , can pursue investment banking careers . It Helps to Be Male Male scandal victims invariably fare better . Anne Burford , the former EPA chief who resigned under fire in 1983 during a flap with Congress , was kayoed in the confrontation , even though she was never charged with official wrondgoing . She worked part - time as a consultant and wrote a book , but never restarted her high - powered legal career . It did n't help when , in 1986 , she was charged -LRB- and then cleared -RRB- on allegations of public drunkenness . `` I cut my losses and ran , '' she says , from her new home in Colorado , where she is busy remodeling . Mrs. Burford remains bitter over the overwhelming legal expenses involved in clearing her name . `` My husband was instantly impoverished by the very act of marrying me , '' she says . Another former EPA official , Rita Lavelle , is still struggling after her conviction in 1983 on perjury charges . `` There 's nothing she could do to bring herself back to where she was , '' says her lawyer , James Bierbower . `` You could say she survived , but it was n't easy on her . '' No book contracts have been dangled before Deborah Gore Dean , the reigning queen of the HUD scandal . Donna Rice of Gary Hart fame failed to obtain a book contract and lost her modeling contract for `` No Excuses '' jeans . Fawn Hall , Oliver North 's former secretary , has yet to launch a hoped - for television news career , according to her lawyer . Rita Jenrette , the former wife of Abscam - indicted Rep. John Jenrette , has yet to hit it big in Hollywood , although with roles in such movies as `` Zombie Island Massacre '' and `` Aunt Ida 's Bikini Shop , '' she is doing a lot better than her former husband . He was back in jail over the summer on shoplifting charges . Be the Star Central figures -- such as Richard Nixon -- usually fare better than those with supporting roles . Richard Secord , the retired Air Force general felled in the Iran - Contra scandal , is all but ruined -- forced to sell
Primarily because there 's more to the matter than Ronald Reagan 's personal values , or lack of them . Selling the presidency for a mess of pottage is not so much a devaluation from the norm of public life today as it is a reflection of the disintegration of public standards . The theme song for the 1980s has been , `` Anything Goes , '' and it has been whistled with gusto from Wall Street to some of the highest peaks of televangelism . There are those who say that this is nothing new , that America has always suffered from a bad case of schizophrenia when it comes to the dichotomy between what is professed and what is practiced . There is evidence to support that view . Eighty - three years ago , William James wrote to H.G. Wells : `` The moral flabbiness born of the exclusive worship of the bitch goddess success ... that , with the squalid cash interpretation put on the word success , is our national disease . '' But if it was the national disease in 1906 , it is today the national commonplace . If there is no law against it , do it . If the law leaves loopholes , use them . If there is no moral prohibition that expressly forbids it , full speed ahead . And if you are caught or if people complain , simply argue that `` everyone does it '' or `` no one said I should n't '' and brazen it out . As a last recourse , when all else has failed and you are pinned , apologize for having disappointed those who trusted you but deny having actually done anything wrong . -LRB- See , for instance , Jim Bakker 's remarks upon being sentenced to prison this Tuesday for defrauding the faithful . -RRB- Consider the troubling dissonance between Mr. Shevardnadze 's speech of confession this week and the hang - tough defense of everyone concerned with the Iran - Contra affair . The Soviet foreign minister publicly concedes that his government `` violated norms of behavior '' in Afghanistan and just plain lied about the radar station . We have people in high place still lying through their teeth about Iran - Contra , and that apparently is n't going to change . For that matter , those long ago identified as liars are still given respectful hearings in the press . That is the key to the current `` national disease . '' No one seems willing to hold anyone in public life to a standard higher than the narrowest construction of the law . The occasional media witch hunt about some politician 's private peccadilloes notwithstanding , the general inclination is to offer a version of the old refrain , `` Who am I to judge ? '' Thus , no standards , no judgment and no values . `` You are mad because
Some fruit visionaries say the Fuji could someday tumble the Red Delicious from the top of America 's apple heap . It certainly wo n't get there on looks . Compared to the Red Delicious , the exemplar of apple pulchritude , the Fuji is decidedly more dowdy -- generally smaller , less - perfectly shaped , greenish , with tinges of red . To hear most U.S. growers tell it , we 'd still be in Paradise if the serpent had proffered one to Eve . But how sweet it is . It has more sugar `` than any apple we 've ever tested , '' says Duane Greene , a University of Massachusetts pomologist , or apple scholar . It has a long shelf life and `` does n't fool the public , '' says Grady Auvil , an Orondo , Wash. , grower who is planting Fujis and spreading the good word about them . `` It does n't look nice on the outside while getting mealy inside . '' Mr. Auvil , razor sharp at 83 , has picked and packed a zillion pecks of apples over the past 65 years . He is known as the father of the U.S. - grown Granny Smith , a radically different apple that the conventional wisdom once said would never catch on . It did , shaking the apple establishment to its roots . Now , even more radical changes seem afoot as the grand old maverick of American apples plays the role of Hiroshi Appleseed . `` The Fuji is going to be No. 1 to replace the Red Delicious , '' he says . The Delicious hegemony wo n't end anytime soon . New apple trees grow slowly , and the Red Delicious is almost as entrenched as mom . Its roots are patriotic -- with the first trees appearing in 1872 in an orchard near Peru , Iowa , to be exact . For more than 50 years , it has been the apple of our eye . A good Delicious can indeed be delicious . More than twice as many Red Delicious apples are grown as the Golden variety , America 's No. 2 apple . But the apple industry is ripe for change . `` Red Delicious has been overplanted , and its prices have dropped below the cost of production , '' says Washington State 's Mr. Norton . The scare over Alar , a growth regulator that makes apples redder and crunchier but may be carcinogenic , made consumers shy away from the Delicious , though they were less affected than the McIntosh . The glut and consequent lower prices , combined with cancer fears , was a very serious blow to growers . `` A lot of growers wo n't be around in a few years , '' says Mr. Norton , although they have stopped using Alar . One may be William Broderick , a Sterling , Mass. , grower . `` This is beautiful stuff , ''
Hers is a hand that will test the mettle of her audiences . For Ms. Bogart , who initially studied and directed in Germany -LRB- and cites such European directors as Peter Stein , Giorgio Strehler and Ariane Mnouchkine as influences -RRB- tends to stage her productions with a Brechtian rigor -- whether the text demands it or not . And Gorky , considered the father of Soviet socialist realism , did not write plays that easily lend themselves to deliberately antirealistic distancing techniques . Gorky was a loyal if occasionally ambivalent proletarian writer committed to enlightening the masses with plain speaking rooted in a slightly sour version of Chekhovian humanism . And `` Summerfolk , '' penned in 1904 as a kind of sequel to Chekhov 's `` Cherry Orchard , '' is a lawn party of Russian yuppies engaged in an exhausting ideological fight to the finish between the allrightniks and the reformers . Along the way there also are lots of romantic dalliances . Wisely Ms. Bogart has kept Gorky 's time and place intact . Despite the absence of samovars -LRB- and a tendency to turn the furniture upside down -RRB- , the production is rich in Russian ennui voiced by languorous folk sporting beige linen and rumpled cotton , with boaters and fishing poles aplenty . But beyond this decorative nod to tradition , Ms. Bogart and company head off in a stylistic direction that all but transforms Gorky 's naturalistic drama into something akin to , well , farce . The director 's attempt to force some Brechtian distance between her actors and their characters frequently backfires with performances that are unduly mannered . Not only do the actors stand outside their characters and make it clear they are at odds with them , but they often literally stand on their heads . Like Peter Sellars , Ms. Bogart manipulates her actors as if they were rag dolls , sprawling them on staircases , dangling them off tables , even hanging them from precipices while having them perform some gymnastic feats of derring - do . There are moments in this `` Summerfolk '' when the characters populating the vast multilevel country house -LRB- which looks like a parody of Frank Lloyd Wright and is designed by Victoria Petrovich -RRB- spout philosophic bon mots with the self - conscious rat - a - tat - tat pacing of `` Laugh In . '' `` Talk hurts from where it spurts , '' one of them says . The clash of ideologies survives this treatment , but the nuance and richness of Gorky 's individual characters have vanished in the scuffle . As for the humor that Gorky 's text provides , when repainted in such broad strokes -LRB- particularly by the lesser members of the ensemble -RRB- it looks and sounds forced . Ms. Bogart does better with music than with words when she wants , as she so often does want , to express herself through Gorky 's helpless play . Here
In a startling turnabout , Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee are complaining that someone in the executive branch is leaking on them . David Boren , the Intelligence Committee chairman , is upset that someone leaked a letter to the committee from the Reagan administration suggesting that the U.S. would undertake to warn Panamanian thug Manuel Noriega if it got wind of an impending coup that might result in
The President of the United States urged the Panamanian armed forces to move against Mr. Noriega . When they did , his commanders did n't have the initiative to do more than block a couple of roads . The executive branch bears the first responsibility for timidity . But what kind of initiative can you expect given the climate set by Congress ? For example , what exactly did the CIA tell Major Giroldi and his fellow coup plotters about U.S. laws and executive orders on assassinations ? What part did U.S. warnings play in the major 's unwillingness to pull the trigger when he had General Noriega in custody , but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops ? Mr. Noriega did n't suffer from any hesitation once he had the pistol . Maybe we need a CIA version of the Miranda warning : You have the right to conceal your coup intentions , because we may rat on you . Or maybe a Surgeon General 's warning : Confiding in the United States may be fatal . CIA chief William Webster , hardly a Washington malcontent , got the debate started last week by noting that the executive order banning assassinations had contributed to U.S. paralysis during the coup . The CIA 's Deputy Director of Operations , Richard Stoltz , tried to smooth things over a few days later , but instead simply underlined Mr. Webster 's point . `` The interpretation '' of the executive order , Mr. Stoltz said , `` and the way in which the various committees have over time interpreted it , has led in my view to a proper caution on the part of operators , including me . '' In other words , Congress wo n't let the CIA do much of anything anymore , and that 's fine with the CIA . The pay 's the same , and the duty 's lighter . And of course , doing anything that might be second - guessed by Congress carries heavy penalties . Witness the Walsh prosecution of Ollie North . The Intelligence Committee 's ranking Republican , Senator William Cohen , joined with Senator George Mitchell to write a best seller about Iran - Contra , deploring `` Men of Zeal . '' No doubt many people in the CIA , the Pentagon and the National Security Council have read it . What kind of initiative should anyone expect from people out on the line who 've read all this and know what can happen if they fail ? Who wants to end up as the protagonist in a Bill Cohen morality play ? The order against assassinations is another artifact of the same congressional mind - set , a product of the 1970s Vietnam syndrome against any executive action . President Bush would do himself and the country a favor by rescinding the order as an ambiguous intrusion on
CIA chief William Webster , hardly a Washington malcontent , got the debate started last week by noting that the executive order banning assassinations had contributed to U.S. paralysis during the coup . The CIA 's Deputy Director of Operations , Richard Stoltz , tried to smooth things over a few days later , but instead simply underlined Mr. Webster 's point . `` The interpretation '' of the executive order , Mr. Stoltz said , `` and the way in which the various committees have over time interpreted it , has led in my view to a proper caution on the part of operators , including me . '' In other words , Congress wo n't let the CIA do much of anything anymore , and that 's fine with the CIA . The pay 's the same , and the duty 's lighter . And of course , doing anything that might be second - guessed by Congress carries heavy penalties . Witness the Walsh prosecution of Ollie North . The Intelligence Committee 's ranking Republican , Senator William Cohen , joined with Senator George Mitchell to write a best seller about Iran - Contra , deploring `` Men of Zeal . '' No doubt many people in the CIA , the Pentagon and the National Security Council have read it . What kind of initiative should anyone expect from people out on the line who 've read all this and know what can happen if they fail ? Who wants to end up as the protagonist in a Bill Cohen morality play ? The order against assassinations is another artifact of the same congressional mind - set , a product of the 1970s Vietnam syndrome against any executive action . President Bush would do himself and the country a favor by rescinding the order as an ambiguous intrusion on his ability to defend America 's national security . There are of course good reasons the U.S. should n't get into the assassination business , but rescinding the executive order is not the same thing as saying the U.S. should start passing out exploding cigars . The world being the nasty place it is , we want Presidents to have the freedom to order operations in which someone might get killed . In such situations , you can not write rules in advance , you can only make sure the President takes the responsibility . The executive order and the reported agreements with the Intelligence Committee are neither sensible nor moral . As it now stands , the U.S. can bomb Tripoli , but ca n't `` assassinate '' Colonel Gadhafi . It can send a fighter squadron to strafe terrorist hideouts in the Bekaa Valley , but ca n't shoot Abu Nidal . Both the assassination order and the quality of debate in Washington are telling the world that the only way the U.S. will kill a madman is by making sure we take some innocent civilians with
The bond market , which sometimes thrives on bad news , cheered yesterday 's stock market sell - off and perceptions that the economy is growing weaker . Early in the day , bonds rose modestly on economists ' forecasts that this week 's slate of economic data will portray an economy headed for trouble . Such news is good for bonds because economic weakness sometimes causes the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in an effort to stimulate the economy and stave off a recession . For example , today the Department of Commerce is scheduled to release the September durable goods report . The consensus forecast of 14 economists surveyed by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report is for a 1.2 % drop in September orders . That would follow a 3.9 % advance in August . Bonds received a bigger boost later in the day when stock prices moved broadly lower . The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 26.23 points to 2662.91 . `` Bond investors have been watching stocks closely , '' said Joel Marver , chief fixed - income analyst at Technical Data Global Markets Group . `` When you get a big sell - off in equities , money starts to shift into bonds , '' which are considered safer , he said . The Treasury 's benchmark 30 - year bond ended about 1/2 point higher , or up about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount , while the yield slid to 7.93 % from 7.98 % Friday . Municipals ended mixed , while mortgage - backed and investment - grade corporate bonds rose . Prices of high - yield , high - risk corporate securities ended unchanged . In more evidence of the growing division between `` good '' and `` bad '' junk bonds , a $ 150 million issue by Imo Industries Inc. was snapped up by investors while underwriters for Beatrice Co. 's $ 350 million issue are considering restructuring the deal to attract buyers . In the Treasury market , analysts expect bond prices to trade in narrow ranges this week as the market takes in positive and negative news . `` On the negative side , the market will be affected by constant supply in all sectors of the market , '' said William M. Brachfeld , economist at Daiwa Securities America Inc . `` On the other hand , we have economic news that is -LCB- expected to be -RCB- relatively positive for the bond market . We will go back and forth with a tilt toward slightly lower yields , ''
When Anne Volokh and her family immigrated to the U.S. 14 years ago , they started life in Los Angeles with only $ 400 . They 'd actually left the Soviet Union with $ 480 , but during a stop in Italy Ms. Volokh dropped $ 80 on a black velvet suit . Not surprisingly , she quickly adapted to the American way . Three months after she arrived in L.A. she spent $ 120 she did n't have for a hat . -LRB- `` A turban , '' she specifies , `` though it was n't the time for that 14 years ago . But I loved turbans . '' -RRB- Since then she has become wealthy . Her husband and older son -- a computer prodigy profiled in The Wall Street Journal in 1981 , when he was 13 -- run a software company with expected sales this year of $ 10 million . Most recently ,
When Anne Volokh and her family immigrated to the U.S. 14 years ago , they started life in Los Angeles with only $ 400 . They 'd actually left the Soviet Union with $ 480 , but during a stop in Italy Ms. Volokh dropped $ 80 on a black velvet suit . Not surprisingly , she quickly adapted to the American way . Three months after she arrived in L.A. she spent $ 120 she did n't have for a hat . -LRB- `` A turban , '' she specifies , `` though it was n't the time for that 14 years ago . But I loved turbans . '' -RRB- Since then she has become wealthy . Her husband and older son -- a computer prodigy profiled in The Wall Street Journal in 1981 , when he was 13 -- run a software company with expected sales this year of $ 10 million . Most recently , she has become the publisher of Movieline , a four - year - old Los Angeles magazine that began national distribution last month , with an initial press run of 100,000 copies . Distributed by the Hearst Corp. 's Eastern News , the glossy publication melds Vanity Fair 's gossipy archness and Premiere 's earnest delving into behind - the - scenes minutiae , with a special emphasis on Tinseltown as fashion trendsetter . It 's being sold through bookstores , newsstands and some video stores . Though Ms. Volokh is a small woman , she has an outsized personality and dramatic flair that seem perfectly suited to capitalism as it is practiced in Hollywood . Certainly life for her has changed considerably since the days in Kiev , when she lived with her parents , her husband and
When Anne Volokh and her family immigrated to the U.S. 14 years ago , they started life in Los Angeles with only $ 400 . They 'd actually left the Soviet Union with $ 480 , but during a stop in Italy Ms. Volokh dropped $ 80 on a black velvet suit . Not surprisingly , she quickly adapted to the American way . Three months after she arrived in L.A. she spent $ 120 she did n't have for a hat . -LRB- `` A turban , '' she specifies , `` though it was n't the time for that 14 years ago . But I loved turbans . '' -RRB- Since then she has become wealthy . Her husband and older son -- a computer prodigy profiled in The Wall Street Journal in 1981 , when he was 13 -- run a software company with expected sales this year of $ 10 million . Most recently , she has become the publisher of Movieline , a four - year - old Los Angeles magazine that began national distribution last month , with an initial press run of 100,000 copies . Distributed by the Hearst Corp. 's Eastern News , the glossy publication melds Vanity Fair 's gossipy archness and Premiere 's earnest delving into behind - the - scenes minutiae , with a special emphasis on Tinseltown as fashion trendsetter . It 's being sold through bookstores , newsstands and some video stores . Though Ms. Volokh is a small woman , she has an outsized personality and dramatic flair that seem perfectly suited to capitalism as it is practiced in Hollywood . Certainly life for her has changed considerably since the days in Kiev , when she lived with her parents , her husband and her two sons in a 2 1/2 - room apartment in what she calls `` silent internal immigration , '' dreaming of escape . Now , for example , she owns 48 hats . However , she remembers the lean years and recalls with relish wearing her first major American purchase -- that turban 10 years later and having a Los Angeles boutique owner ask
`` Look at Dostoevski and Kafka . No one ever eats in their books and look at them ... . Tolstoy 's characters eat , Pushkin 's , Gogol 's . '' In her cookbook , which Macmillan is bringing out in soft cover this month -LRB- with the blini recipe revised so it works -RRB- , she introduces each chapter with appropriate quotations from Russian literature : Pushkin on blini , Goncharov on piroghi . In life , she offers practical dieting advice : `` Divide your meals into important and unimportant . In a great restaurant , do n't deprive yourself . The other meals do n't matter . '' Amusing as she is , and frivolous as she can seem , this is a serious person with some difficult memories . She was the child of relative privilege . Her mother was a translator ; her father was `` the eternal vice director . '' `` I emigrated to wear better hats , do better parties , '' she said with a giggle . `` But we should n't leave out political reasons , number one . You try to maintain your dignity under difficult circumstances . One can not imagine how you live when you live those double and triple lives . '' By 1973 , after their second child was born , it had become clear to Ms. Volokh and her husband Vladimir , a computer scientist , that they wanted to leave the U.S.S.R . Ms. Volokh quit her job , to remove herself from the public eye . The wait was miserable . Before granting Ms. Volokh 's parents a visa , the government required her mother to obtain permission from her first husband , whom she had divorced 38 years earlier . Mr. Volokh was fired from his job , and had to endure hours of organized verbal abuse from his co-workers , accusations of sabotage and counterrevolutionary activities . The Volokhs were afraid that they 'd end up like a friend of theirs who 'd applied for a visa and waited for 10 years , having been demoted from his profession of theoretical mathematician to shipping clerk . They did n't . Their visa came in relatively short order , and they moved to Los Angeles . Mr. Volokh soon found work in his field , but Ms. Volokh refused the obvious and available occupation - as translator for a Russian who spoke fluent English . `` That 's always looking back , '' she said . `` I wanted to be in business . '' On the way to that goal , she received her first U.S. paycheck for proofreading a book of Polish poetry , attended secretarial school , then went to work for a fund - raising organization . Soon she was running the office . When her husband and son founded their computer company , Vesoft ,
Mr. Miller notes that actor Paul Newman 's family owned a sporting - goods store in Cleveland , that the late actress Margaret Hamilton , who played the bad witch in `` The Wizard Of Oz , '' once ran a nursery school in Cleveland and that comedian Bob Hope 's father , a stonemason , once worked on a church next to Severence Hall , Cleveland 's main concert hall . `` Power names like that do n't hurt the city 's reputation , '' Mr. Miller says . In Hollywood , an average family can gain cachet from moving into a home vacated by the famous or near famous . `` Why we even just sold a three - bedroom house in Van Nuys and were able to keep the price firm in a weak real - estate market by noting that the original Lone Ranger lived there , '' says David Rambo , a sales associate with Jon Douglas Co. , a Los Angeles real - estate agency . `` Most people ca n't even remember his name . '' -LRB- It is John Hart . -RRB- Mr. Rambo says that a 3.2 - acre property overlooking the San Fernando Valley is priced at $ 4 million because the late actor Erroll Flynn once lived there . `` If Flynn had n't lived there , the property might have been priced $ 1 million lower , '' says Mr. Rambo , noting that Flynn 's house has been bulldozed , and only the swimming pool remains . Press agents and public - relations practitioners are notorious name - droppers . And some even do it with malice aforethought . Len Kessler , a financial publicist in New York , sometimes uses it to get the attention of journalists who try to avoid him . He says that when Dan Dorfman , a financial columnist with USA Today , has n't returned his phone calls , he leaves messages with Mr. Dorfman 's office saying that he has an important story on Donald Trump , Meshulam Riklis or Marvin Davis . He admits he has no story on any of them on these occasions . `` But it does get him to return my calls , and it makes me feel better for the times he 's given me the brushoff , '' Mr. Kessler says . There are , of course , obvious dangers to blatant , unsubstantiated name - dropping . Jeffry Thal , a publicity agent for the Lantz Office in Los Angeles , warns that dropping the wrong name labels the dropper as a fake and a fraud . `` Get caught and you 're dead in the water , '' says Mr. Thal . Mr. Thal says that Elizabeth Taylor , a client , `` hates being called ` Liz . ' ... If directors or producers phone me and say they know ` Liz , ' I know they 've never met
When Robert McDuffie was 14 , he got a chance to play in the starting lineup for his high school basketball team in Macon , Ga . Unfortunately , his mother had tickets for a recital by Itzhak Perlman the same night , and
When Robert McDuffie was 14 , he got a chance to play in the starting lineup for his high school basketball team in Macon , Ga . Unfortunately , his mother had tickets for a recital by Itzhak Perlman the same night , and she was adamant about his attending . `` I threw such a fit , '' says Mr. McDuffie , who had begun violin studies at the age of six . `` But once Perlman started playing , I did n't give a damn about basketball ... . Afterwards , I went home and practiced for three hours . '' Today , it 's obvious that the brawny , six - foot , one - inch musician made the right choice . At 31 , Mr. McDuffie has a rich , full - bodied tone , an admirable rhythmic precision and an increasingly busy schedule . He 's currently in the midst of a 17 - city U.S. tour with Yehudi Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia , with stops including Charleston , S.C . -LRB- Oct. 25 -RRB- , Sarasota , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 28 -RRB- , Tampa , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 29 -RRB- and Miami -LRB- Oct. 31 -RRB- . Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center , and appears as soloist with several major orchestras . Yet Mr. McDuffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known contemporaries . During the late 1970s , he was part of a musical `` brat pack '' -- a group of budding virtuosos who studied at the Juilliard School with the noted pedagogue Dorothy DeLay .
When Robert McDuffie was 14 , he got a chance to play in the starting lineup for his high school basketball team in Macon , Ga . Unfortunately , his mother had tickets for a recital by Itzhak Perlman the same night , and she was adamant about his attending . `` I threw such a fit , '' says Mr. McDuffie , who had begun violin studies at the age of six . `` But once Perlman started playing , I did n't give a damn about basketball ... . Afterwards , I went home and practiced for three hours . '' Today , it 's obvious that the brawny , six - foot , one - inch musician made the right choice . At 31 , Mr. McDuffie has a rich , full - bodied tone , an admirable rhythmic precision and an increasingly busy schedule . He 's currently in the midst of a 17 - city U.S. tour with Yehudi Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia , with stops including Charleston , S.C . -LRB- Oct. 25 -RRB- , Sarasota , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 28 -RRB- , Tampa , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 29 -RRB- and Miami -LRB- Oct. 31 -RRB- . Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center , and appears as soloist with several major orchestras . Yet Mr. McDuffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known contemporaries . During the late 1970s , he was part of a musical `` brat pack '' -- a group of budding virtuosos who studied at the Juilliard School with the noted pedagogue Dorothy DeLay . His violin classmates included Shlomo Mintz , a protege of Isaac Stern who performed with major orchestras while still a student ; Cho - Liang Lin , who joined the roster of ICM Artists Inc. at the age of 18 ; and Nadja Salerno - Sonnenberg , who launched her career by winning the 1981 Naumberg Competition . `` I thought I was over the hill at 22 , '' recalls Mr. McDuffie , an outgoing man with pale blue eyes and a light Southern drawl . `` But I was n't ready for a career at that time . '' Young McDuffie 's first violin teacher was Henrik Schwarzenberger , a Hungarian refugee who taught in the Macon public school system . `` He taught me how to play like a gypsy , '' jokes the musician . `` I did n't learn to count until I got to Juilliard . '' After studies at that conservatory 's Pre-College Division with an assistant to the legendary instructor Ivan Galamian , he switched at the college level to Miss DeLay , Mr. Galamian 's longtime assistant and , ultimately ,
When Robert McDuffie was 14 , he got a chance to play in the starting lineup for his high school basketball team in Macon , Ga . Unfortunately , his mother had tickets for a recital by Itzhak Perlman the same night , and she was adamant about his attending . `` I threw such a fit , '' says Mr. McDuffie , who had begun violin studies at the age of six . `` But once Perlman started playing , I did n't give a damn about basketball ... . Afterwards , I went home and practiced for three hours . '' Today , it 's obvious that the brawny , six - foot , one - inch musician made the right choice . At 31 , Mr. McDuffie has a rich , full - bodied tone , an admirable rhythmic precision and an increasingly busy schedule . He 's currently in the midst of a 17 - city U.S. tour with Yehudi Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia , with stops including Charleston , S.C . -LRB- Oct. 25 -RRB- , Sarasota , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 28 -RRB- , Tampa , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 29 -RRB- and Miami -LRB- Oct. 31 -RRB- . Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center , and appears as soloist with several major orchestras . Yet Mr. McDuffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known contemporaries . During the late 1970s , he was part of a musical `` brat pack '' -- a group of budding virtuosos who studied at the Juilliard School with the noted pedagogue Dorothy DeLay . His violin classmates included Shlomo Mintz , a protege of Isaac Stern who performed with major orchestras while still a student ; Cho - Liang Lin , who joined the roster of ICM Artists Inc. at the age of 18 ; and Nadja Salerno - Sonnenberg , who launched her career by winning the 1981 Naumberg Competition . `` I thought I was over the hill at 22 , '' recalls Mr. McDuffie , an outgoing man with pale blue eyes and a light Southern drawl . `` But I was n't ready for a career at that time . '' Young McDuffie 's first violin teacher was Henrik Schwarzenberger , a Hungarian refugee who taught in the Macon public school system . `` He taught me how to play like a gypsy , '' jokes the musician . `` I did n't learn to count until I got to Juilliard . '' After studies at that conservatory 's Pre-College Division with an assistant to the legendary instructor Ivan Galamian , he switched at the college level to Miss DeLay , Mr. Galamian 's longtime assistant and , ultimately , his rival . `` I think I had to prove myself to
When Robert McDuffie was 14 , he got a chance to play in the starting lineup for his high school basketball team in Macon , Ga . Unfortunately , his mother had tickets for a recital by Itzhak Perlman the same night , and she was adamant about his attending . `` I threw such a fit , '' says Mr. McDuffie , who had begun violin studies at the age of six . `` But once Perlman started playing , I did n't give a damn about basketball ... . Afterwards , I went home and practiced for three hours . '' Today , it 's obvious that the brawny , six - foot , one - inch musician made the right choice . At 31 , Mr. McDuffie has a rich , full - bodied tone , an admirable rhythmic precision and an increasingly busy schedule . He 's currently in the midst of a 17 - city U.S. tour with Yehudi Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia , with stops including Charleston , S.C . -LRB- Oct. 25 -RRB- , Sarasota , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 28 -RRB- , Tampa , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 29 -RRB- and Miami -LRB- Oct. 31 -RRB- . Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center , and appears as soloist with several major orchestras . Yet Mr. McDuffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known contemporaries . During the late 1970s , he was part of a musical `` brat pack '' -- a group of budding virtuosos who studied at the Juilliard School with the noted pedagogue Dorothy DeLay . His violin classmates included Shlomo Mintz , a protege of Isaac Stern who performed with major orchestras while still a student ; Cho - Liang Lin , who joined the roster of ICM Artists Inc. at the age of 18 ; and Nadja Salerno - Sonnenberg , who launched her career by winning the 1981 Naumberg Competition . `` I thought I was over the hill at 22 , '' recalls Mr. McDuffie , an outgoing man with pale blue eyes and a light Southern drawl . `` But I was n't ready for a career at that time . '' Young McDuffie 's first violin teacher was Henrik Schwarzenberger , a Hungarian refugee who taught in the Macon public school system . `` He taught me how to play like a gypsy , '' jokes the musician . `` I did n't learn to count until I got to Juilliard . '' After studies at that conservatory 's Pre-College Division with an assistant to the legendary instructor Ivan Galamian , he switched at the college level to Miss DeLay , Mr. Galamian 's longtime assistant and , ultimately , his rival . `` I think I had to prove myself to her , '' says Mr. McDuffie . `` But
Unfortunately , his mother had tickets for a recital by Itzhak Perlman the same night , and she was adamant about his attending . `` I threw such a fit , '' says Mr. McDuffie , who had begun violin studies at the age of six . `` But once Perlman started playing , I did n't give a damn about basketball ... . Afterwards , I went home and practiced for three hours . '' Today , it 's obvious that the brawny , six - foot , one - inch musician made the right choice . At 31 , Mr. McDuffie has a rich , full - bodied tone , an admirable rhythmic precision and an increasingly busy schedule . He 's currently in the midst of a 17 - city U.S. tour with Yehudi Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia , with stops including Charleston , S.C . -LRB- Oct. 25 -RRB- , Sarasota , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 28 -RRB- , Tampa , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 29 -RRB- and Miami -LRB- Oct. 31 -RRB- . Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center , and appears as soloist with several major orchestras . Yet Mr. McDuffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known contemporaries . During the late 1970s , he was part of a musical `` brat pack '' -- a group of budding virtuosos who studied at the Juilliard School with the noted pedagogue Dorothy DeLay . His violin classmates included Shlomo Mintz , a protege of Isaac Stern who performed with major orchestras while still a student ; Cho - Liang Lin , who joined the roster of ICM Artists Inc. at the age of 18 ; and Nadja Salerno - Sonnenberg , who launched her career by winning the 1981 Naumberg Competition . `` I thought I was over the hill at 22 , '' recalls Mr. McDuffie , an outgoing man with pale blue eyes and a light Southern drawl . `` But I was n't ready for a career at that time . '' Young McDuffie 's first violin teacher was Henrik Schwarzenberger , a Hungarian refugee who taught in the Macon public school system . `` He taught me how to play like a gypsy , '' jokes the musician . `` I did n't learn to count until I got to Juilliard . '' After studies at that conservatory 's Pre-College Division with an assistant to the legendary instructor Ivan Galamian , he switched at the college level to Miss DeLay , Mr. Galamian 's longtime assistant and , ultimately , his rival . `` I think I had to prove myself to her , '' says Mr. McDuffie . `` But she was always encouraging . She only put her foot down twice , '' he continues . `` In my freshman year , my roommate was known as a party animal .
Today , it 's obvious that the brawny , six - foot , one - inch musician made the right choice . At 31 , Mr. McDuffie has a rich , full - bodied tone , an admirable rhythmic precision and an increasingly busy schedule . He 's currently in the midst of a 17 - city U.S. tour with Yehudi Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia , with stops including Charleston , S.C . -LRB- Oct. 25 -RRB- , Sarasota , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 28 -RRB- , Tampa , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 29 -RRB- and Miami -LRB- Oct. 31 -RRB- . Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center , and appears as soloist with several major orchestras . Yet Mr. McDuffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known contemporaries . During the late 1970s , he was part of a musical `` brat pack '' -- a group of budding virtuosos who studied at the Juilliard School with the noted pedagogue Dorothy DeLay . His violin classmates included Shlomo Mintz , a protege of Isaac Stern who performed with major orchestras while still a student ; Cho - Liang Lin , who joined the roster of ICM Artists Inc. at the age of 18 ; and Nadja Salerno - Sonnenberg , who launched her career by winning the 1981 Naumberg Competition . `` I thought I was over the hill at 22 , '' recalls Mr. McDuffie , an outgoing man with pale blue eyes and a light Southern drawl . `` But I was n't ready for a career at that time . '' Young McDuffie 's first violin teacher was Henrik Schwarzenberger , a Hungarian refugee who taught in the Macon public school system . `` He taught me how to play like a gypsy , '' jokes the musician . `` I did n't learn to count until I got to Juilliard . '' After studies at that conservatory 's Pre-College Division with an assistant to the legendary instructor Ivan Galamian , he switched at the college level to Miss DeLay , Mr. Galamian 's longtime assistant and , ultimately , his rival . `` I think I had to prove myself to her , '' says Mr. McDuffie . `` But she was always encouraging . She only put her foot down twice , '' he continues . `` In my freshman year , my roommate was known as a party animal . She thought I was n't getting my practicing done . '' As the violinist tells it , his grandmotherly looking teacher `` put her hands on her hips , stomped her foot and said , ` You 've just got to get the -LCB- expletive deleted -RCB- out of there . ' '' The second incident took place after Mr. McDuffie gave an ambitious student recital and was feeling rather pleased with himself . Miss DeLay requested that
Buy - out offers for Maidenform are n't infrequent , says Executive Vice President David C. Masket , but they are n't taken very seriously . When he gets calls , `` I do n't even have to consult '' with Mrs. Coleman , Mr. Masket says . The company could command a good price in the market . `` Over the past three and a half years , apparel companies , many of whom have strong brand names , have been bought at about 60 % of sales , '' says Deborah Bronston , Prudential - Bache Securities Inc. apparel analyst . Mr. Brawer , along with Mrs. Coleman and her daughter , Elizabeth , an attorney who is vice chairman , are the family members involved in the operations of Maidenform , which employs about 5,000 . Mr. Brawer 's wife , Catherine , and Robert Stroup , Elizabeth 's husband , round out the five - member board . Each has an equal vote at the monthly meetings . `` We are all very amiable , '' Mr. Brawer says . Executives say Mrs. Coleman is very involved in the day - to - day operations , especially product development . In the late 1960s she designed a lightweight stretch bra that boosted sales . Her father , William Rosenthal , designed the then - dress making company 's first bra in the 1920s , which he said gave women a `` maiden form '' compared with the `` boyish form '' they got from the `` flat bandages '' used for support at the time . While Mr. Rosenthal introduced new undergarment designs , his wife , Ida , concentrated on sales and other financial matters . The name Maidenform was coined by a third business partner , Enid Bissett . The company has 14 plants and distribution facilities in the U.S. , Puerto Rico , other parts of the Caribbean and Ireland . Maidenform products are mainly sold at department stores , but the company has quietly opened a retail store of its own in Omaha , Neb. , and has 24 factory outlets , with plans to add more . Before joining Maidenform in 1972 , Mr. Brawer , who holds a doctoral degree in English from the University of Chicago , taught at the University of Wisconsin . As a senior vice president , he has headed the company 's designer lingerie division , Oscar de la Renta , since its inception in 1988 . To maintain exclusivity of that designer line , it is n't labeled with the Maidenform name . While the company has always been family - run , Mr. Brawer is n't the first person to marry into the family and subsequently head Maidenform . Mrs. Coleman 's husband , Joseph , a physician , succeeded Mrs. Rosenthal as president and served in that post until
He describes a reporter as `` Miss First Amendment . '' He describes a drowned corpse as `` Esther Williams . '' And when he 's told `` Try a little tenderness , '' he shoots back `` I 'm going home to try a little linguine . '' Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart a closet idealist , a softy with a secret crush on truth , justice and the American Way . He 's the kind of guy who rescues trampled flags . If `` Mancuso FBI '' has an intriguing central character , it also has a major flaw : It 's wildly overwritten . Executive Producers Steve Sohmer and Jeff Bleckner -LRB- and writer / producers Ken Solarz and Steve Bello -RRB- have revved this show up to the breaking point . To start , there 's always a crisis -- and someone always worries , `` What if the press gets a hold of this ? '' At least once an episode we see protestors marching around screaming slogans . At least once Mancuso 's boss yells `` In here -- now , '' and proceeds to dress his investigator down : `` You are a dinosaur ... a hangover in a $ 10 suit ... One more word and you are out on a park bench , mister . '' Finally , of course , the boss gives in , but he 's still yelling : `` I find myself explaining anything to Teddy Kennedy , you 'll be chasing stolen cars in Anchorage . '' In fact , throughout `` Mancuso FBI , '' we do n't get words or lines -- we get speeches . Witnesses shout , scream , pontificate : `` ... a dream that the planet could be saved from itself and from the sadistic dumb creatures who try to tear down every decent man who raises his voice . '' And Mancuso himself is investigating at the top of his lungs : `` How the hell can you live with yourself ? '' he erupts at a politician . `` You twist people 's trust . You built your career on prejudice and hate . The scars will be here years after the polls close . '' In each show , Mancuso gets to unleash similar harangues : `` Where the hell are they gon na live when people like you turn the world into a big toxic waste dump ? You 're the real criminal here ... and what you did was n't just a murder -- it was a crime against humanity . '' And , at least once a show , someone delivers the line `` Get off that soapbox . '' Now that 's advice the writers should take to heart . They have a series with a good character , some interesting , even occasionally surprising plot lines , and they 're ruining it . Why , when a key witness disappears , does Mancuso trash
With the dust settling from the failed coup attempt in Panama , one of the many lingering questions the Bush administration will ponder is this : Is the National Security Council staff big enough , and does it have enough clout , to do its job of coordinating foreign policy ? President Bush 's national security adviser , Lt. Gen. Brent Scowcroft , came into office in January intent on making the NSC staff leaner and more disciplined than it had been during the Reagan administration . Gen. Scowcroft was a member of the Tower Commission , which investigated the Iran - Contra affair .
France 's national tobacco company , known for making brown - tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises and Gitanes , is branching out . Concerned by dipping demand for its traditional products , it is moving not only into blonde cigarettes , but also into electronic car - parking payment cards to be sold in neighborhood tobacco stores . Brown tobacco in France is a more pungent , stronger grade than the lighter grade , or blonde tobacco , used in so - called American - style cigarettes . `` We are n't Philip Morris Cos. , '' says Bertrand de Galle , chairman of government - owned Societe Nationale d'Exploitation Industrielle des Tabacs & Allumettes S.A. , known as Seita .
France 's national tobacco company , known for making brown - tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises and Gitanes , is branching out . Concerned by dipping demand for its traditional products , it is moving not only into blonde cigarettes , but also into electronic car - parking payment cards to be sold in neighborhood tobacco stores . Brown tobacco in France is a more pungent , stronger grade than the lighter grade , or blonde tobacco , used in so - called American - style cigarettes . `` We are n't Philip Morris Cos. , '' says Bertrand de Galle , chairman of government - owned Societe Nationale d'Exploitation Industrielle des Tabacs & Allumettes S.A. , known as Seita . He says that because Seita 's profits are limited by government - controlled cigarette prices ,
France 's national tobacco company , known for making brown - tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises and Gitanes , is branching out . Concerned by dipping demand for its traditional products , it is moving not only into blonde cigarettes , but also into electronic car - parking payment cards to be sold in neighborhood tobacco stores . Brown tobacco in France is a more pungent , stronger grade than the lighter grade , or blonde tobacco , used in so - called American - style cigarettes . `` We are n't Philip Morris Cos. , '' says Bertrand de Galle , chairman of government - owned Societe Nationale d'Exploitation Industrielle des Tabacs & Allumettes S.A. , known as Seita . He says that because Seita 's profits are limited by government - controlled cigarette prices , he does n't have the cash to diversify as heavily into food and drink as the U.S. concern has done . -LRB- Last year , for example , Seita 's net profit soared 150 % to 461.6 million French francs -LRB- $ 73.5 million -RRB- on sales of FFr 27.68 billion - a 1.7 % profit margin . -RRB- Instead ,
The reserves dropped for the first time in recent years , to $ 14 billion in June from $ 19 billion in April . The trend has prompted Beijing to intensify efforts to curb imports . In recent weeks , China 's leaders have recentralized trading in wool and scores of chemical products and commodities . The Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade set up a special bureau last month to monitor the issue of import and export licenses . Beijing 's periodic clampdowns on imports have taught many trading companies that the best way to get through the drought is by helping China export . For example , Nissho Iwai Corp. , one of the biggest Japanese trading houses , now buys almost twice as many goods from China as it sells to that country . Three years ago , the ratio was reversed . But the strategy is n't helping much this time . `` Both sectors of imports and exports look just as bad , '' says Masahiko Kitamura , general manager of Nissho Iwai 's Canton office . He expects the company 's trading business to drop as much as 40 % this year . For a short time after June 4 , it appeared that the trade picture would remain fairly bright . Many foreign trading offices in Hong Kong were swamped with telexes and telephone calls from Chinese trade officials urging them not to sever ties . Even the Bank of China , which normally took weeks to process letters of credit , was settling the letters at record speed to dispel rumors about the bank 's financial health . But when foreign traders tried to do business , they discovered that the eagerness of Chinese trade officials was just a smokescreen . The suspension of foreign loans has weakened the buying power of China 's national trading companies , which are among the country 's biggest importers . Business is n't any better on the provincial or municipal level , foreign traders say . Shanghai Investment & Trust Co. , known as Sitco , is the city 's main financier for trading business . Sitco had customarily tapped the Japanese bond market for funds , but it ca n't do that any longer . Foreign traders say the company is strapped for cash . `` It has difficulties paying its foreign debts , '' says a Hong Kong executive who is familiar with Sitco 's business . `` How can it make available funds for purchases ? '' Foreign traders also say many of China 's big infrastructural projects have been canceled or postponed because of the squeeze on domestic and foreign credit . Albert Lee , a veteran trader who specializes in machinery sales , estimates that as many as 70 % of projects that had obtained approval to proceed have been canceled in recent months . `` There are virtually no new projects , and that means no new business for us , ''
Although prices rallied briefly following the tumble on world stock markets earlier this month and the related decline of the dollar , precious metals are out of favor for the moment because of high interest rates and a determination by industrial nations to curb inflation , dealers say . Silver , however is in a deeper slump than are gold and platinum . Some analysts contend that silver is cheap now that prices are languishing at levels last seen in the mid-1970s . `` Bargain hunters believe that silver offers the best value amongst precious metals , '' says Frederick R. Demler , analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . A further decline in prices will lead to mine production cuts in the U.S. , he says . Scrap merchants are converting smaller quantities of metal into silver , while low prices are discouraging exports from India and the Soviet Union . Silver prices could also be boosted by strikes in leading producing nations Peru and Mexico , Mr. Demler says . Meanwhile , total fabrication demand for silver has risen six years in a row , he says . Japanese demand grew by 70 % in the first half of this year and the nation plans an issue of a silver commemorative coin that will require 4.5 million ounces . Compared with huge annual surpluses of more than 100 million ounces in the first half of the 1980s , world silver supplies and consumption are now nearly in balance , Mr. Demler says . Despite intermittent rallies in the past few years , improvements in the supply - demand balance have n't managed to push silver prices into a higher range . `` There 's just too much silver around , '' says Tom Butler , an analyst at Samuel Montagu & Co. , a London bullion house . A huge silver stockpile at exchanges , refiners , consuming industries and government warehouses of at least 617 million ounces is the market depressant , says Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. in a report . This year alone , inventories at the Commodity Exchange of New York jumped `` by a staggering 46 million to 221 million ounces '' because of producer deliveries , de-stocking by fabricators and sales by disenchanted investors , says Rhona O'Connell , London - based precious metals analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton . `` Silver production is also in an inexorable upward trend , '' Ms. O'Connell says . Moreover , while Asian and Middle Eastern investors hoard gold and help underpin its price , silver does n't have the same mystique , dealers say . Investors have gotten burned on silver so often that they are far more partial to gold , says Urs Seiler , senior vice president at Union Bank of Switzerland . Yet if gold prices improve , silver prices could rally sharply ,
Price wars between the fast - food giants are starting to clobber the fast - food little guys : the franchisees . `` When elephants start fighting , ants get killed , '' says Murray Riese , co-owner of National Restaurants , a New York franchisee for Pizza Hut , Roy Rogers and other chains . As hamburger and pizza outlets saturate one area after another , franchisers are struggling desperately for market share , slashing prices and stepping up costly promotions . The fight is putting a tight squeeze on profits of many , threatening to drive the smallest ones out of business and straining relations between the national fast - food chains and their franchisees . The chains `` used to offer discounts during winter when business was slow , but in the last year or so , discounting has become a 12 - month thing , '' says Donald Harty , president of Charisma Group Inc. , a New York franchisee of Grand Metropolitan PLC 's Burger King chain . Though Charisma 's sales are up slightly this year , Mr. Harty says profits will be flat or lower . And Bill Konopnicki , a Safford , Ariz. , licensee of McDonald 's Corp. who is chairman of the company 's National Operators Advisory Board , says some fast - food outlets `` could be in serious trouble , based on the amount of discounting that seems to be going on . '' Until recently , the huge fast - food industry , with sales of about $ 60.1 billion last year , kept price - skirmishing to a minimum . But early this year , PepsiCo Inc. 's Taco Bell unit and Wendy 's International Inc. slashed prices and stepped up promotions , says John Rohs , an analyst for Wertheim Schroder & Co . That brought a chain reaction in the industry . The situation was further aggravated early this month , when McDonald 's set plans to heat up the discounting by offering coupons . It also decided to go national with pizza , which it has been test - marketing . Now , two - for - one deals on pizza are common ; so are 99 - cent specials on sandwiches normally priced twice as high . The discounting , say fast - food operators , occurs on a scale and with a frequency they have n't seen before . The result is that some franchisees are running hard just to stay even , laying off middle managers and working harder to make less . Joe Mack , a district manager for Cormack Enterprises Inc. , a Burger King operator in Omaha , Neb. , says discounting is so prevalent that `` we have to serve 15 % to 20 % more customers '' to keep sales level . `` It 's almost as if you 're doing extra work to give away the food , ''
The scene opens with pinstripe - suited executives -- Easterners , obviously -- glued to cellular phones and hightailing it out of town in chauffeur - driven limousines . `` The carpetbaggers , '' snorts the narrator with a Texas twang , `` have packed their bags and went . '' But ,
Somewhere , the son sighs , things went terribly wrong with apartheid ; today , whites even rely on blacks to police their separation . `` People took separate development as an opportunity to use black labor without ever getting rid of it . But my father meant it to mean real separation , '' says the son . The Orange Workers speak sincerely . `` We agree with world opinion that the status quo in South Africa is morally wrong , '' says Pieter Bruwer , the Orange Workers ' chief scribe and pamphleteer . `` We must either integrate honestly or segregate honestly . '' Morgenzon has long been a special domain of Afrikanerdom . According to Mr. Verwoerd , the early Afrikaner pioneers were the first people to settle in the eastern Transvaal , even before the blacks . Then , when Morgenzon was incorporated in 1908 , the farmer who owned the land stipulated that only whites could reside in town ; blacks could work there , but they had to leave at night . Today , Morgenzon is a town of 800 whites and two paved roads . Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks , and many houses and storefronts are empty . There are few factories and no mines . It was an ideal place for the Orange Workers to start their new nation , unencumbered by the demographics that have undermined apartheid elsewhere in South Africa . So far , about 150 Orange Workers have moved here , spending nearly $ 1 million buying up property over the past three years . Still , complete and total segregation remains elusive . Just beyond the city limits is a shantytown of 2,000 blacks who are employed throughout the area . Despite the Orange Workers ' intention to put them all out of work , they are in no hurry to leave . A young man called July -LRB- that 's when he was born -RRB- , who works at the railroad station just up the street from the Orange Workers office , points at the whitewalled building and says matter - of - factly , `` We 're not allowed in there , that 's all I know . '' The 650 - or - so local whites who are n't Orange Workers are more troubled . Try as they might , they just ca n't conceive of life without black workers . `` Impossible , impossible , '' say the Conradies , an elderly couple who have run the general store for decades . `` We ca n't do without their help , '' says Mrs. Conradie . `` Oh no . We need them and I thank God for them . '' Over at the Shell station , owner Rudi van Dyk , who doubles as Morgenzon 's mayor , worries that the Orange Workers have made
Not only are there camera operators on all sides , but the proceedings are shown on monitors throughout the theater . The metaphor of theater is not entirely coincidental . Mr. Gelbart clearly feels that all the participants in a congressional hearing -- the witnesses , the lawyers , the interrogators and the news media -- are performers . As the story of `` Mastergate '' unfolds , we learn that the Internal Revenue Service confiscated one of the properties of a foreign financier who owes the government millions in taxes . The man , it seems , has a Lichtenstein corporation , licensed in Libya and sheltered in the Bahamas . He himself lives in a `` consecutive series of unnumbered houses in a town in Switzerland . '' The property seized by the IRS is a Hollywood film studio , Master Pictures Incorporated -LRB- MPI -RRB- . Supposedly the IRS will sell off the assets of MPI , but before it can , a lowly IRS agent is called into the hospital room of Wylie Slaughter , the dying head of the Central Intelligence Agency . The lowly agent , Abel Lamb , who as you might guess , is being led to the slaughter , is ordered to take over the studio . Soon the studio is producing a $ 40 million picture called `` Tet , the Motion Picture , '' to distinguish it from `` Tet , the Offensive , '' as well as `` Tet , the Book '' and `` Tet , the Album . '' The picture , to be made in the Central American country of San Elvador , is a cover for sending $ 800 million of arms to Los Otros , the rebel group attempting to regain neighboring Ambigua , which has been taken over by the leftist dictator Dr. Overtega , a former podiatrist , who leads a revolutionary band of foot soldiers . The man handling all this for the now - deceased Slaughter is Major Manley Battle , Mr. Gelbart 's stand in for Col. Oliver North . Director Michael Engler has assembled a top - flight cast to carry out the impersonations of well - known political figures and to play the stock characters who invariably show up at congressional hearings . Daniel von Bargen is ramrod - stiff but totally assured as Major Battle , mixing just the right brand of self - righteousness and patriotism ; Jeff Weiss is fire , brimstone and teary - eyed emotionalism as the far - right senator who serves as a friendly interrogator of Major Battle ; Zach Grenier is maddeningly officious playing a succession of lawyers ; Joseph Daly has the perfect `` aw , shucks '' demeanor of George Bush in his portrayal of the vice president ; and Ann McDonough is first - rate as a succession of witnesses ' wives . With one she is pregnant , with Major Battle
The rebel officer 's slow and painful death , at the headquarters of Panama 's Battalion - 2000 squad , was personally supervised by Gen. Noriega , says a U.S. official with access to intelligence reports . Leaping into rages , sinking into bouts of drunkenness and mistrust , Mr. Noriega has put to death some 70 of his troops involved in the coup , according to U.S. officials monitoring crematoriums and funeral parlors in Panama City . He is now changing the place he sleeps every night , sometimes more than once a night . His meals are most often prepared by women he trusts -- his full - time mistress , Vicky Amado , and her mother , Norma . And he is collecting the names of those who telephoned the coup - makers to congratulate them during their brief time in control of his headquarters . More enemies to be dealt with . In the two weeks since the rebellion , which the U.S. hesitantly backed , Mr. Noriega has been at his most brutal - and efficient - in maintaining power . Yet , while the failed coup is a major U.S. foreign policy embarrassment , it is merely the latest chapter in a byzantine relationship between Mr. Noriega and Washington that stretches back three decades . America 's war on the dictator over the past two years , following his indictment on drug charges in February 1988 , is the legacy of that relationship . Before American foreign policy set out to destroy Noriega , it helped create him out of the crucible of Panama 's long history of conspirators and pirates . For most of the past 30 years , the marriage was one of convenience . In 1960 , for example , when Mr. Noriega was both a cadet at an elite military academy in Peru and a spy - in - training for the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency , he was detained by Lima authorities for allegedly raping and savagely beating a prostitute , according to a U.S. Embassy cable from that period . The woman had nearly died . But U.S. intelligence , rather than rein in or cut loose its new spy , merely filed the report away . Mr. Noriega 's tips on emerging leftists at his school were deemed more important to U.S. interests . From that point on , the U.S. would make a practice of overlooking the Panamanian 's misadventures . The U.S. has befriended and later turned against many dictators , but none quite so resourceful . The 55 - year - old Mr. Noriega is n't as smooth as the shah of Iran , as well - born as Nicaragua 's Anastasio Somoza , as imperial as Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines or as bloody as Haiti 's Baby Doc Duvalier . Yet he has proved more resilient than any of them . And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove
And he is collecting the names of those who telephoned the coup - makers to congratulate them during their brief time in control of his headquarters . More enemies to be dealt with . In the two weeks since the rebellion , which the U.S. hesitantly backed , Mr. Noriega has been at his most brutal - and efficient - in maintaining power . Yet , while the failed coup is a major U.S. foreign policy embarrassment , it is merely the latest chapter in a byzantine relationship between Mr. Noriega and Washington that stretches back three decades . America 's war on the dictator over the past two years , following his indictment on drug charges in February 1988 , is the legacy of that relationship . Before American foreign policy set out to destroy Noriega , it helped create him out of the crucible of Panama 's long history of conspirators and pirates . For most of the past 30 years , the marriage was one of convenience . In 1960 , for example , when Mr. Noriega was both a cadet at an elite military academy in Peru and a spy - in - training for the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency , he was detained by Lima authorities for allegedly raping and savagely beating a prostitute , according to a U.S. Embassy cable from that period . The woman had nearly died . But U.S. intelligence , rather than rein in or cut loose its new spy , merely filed the report away . Mr. Noriega 's tips on emerging leftists at his school were deemed more important to U.S. interests . From that point on , the U.S. would make a practice of overlooking the Panamanian 's misadventures . The U.S. has befriended and later turned against many dictators , but none quite so resourceful . The 55 - year - old Mr. Noriega is n't as smooth as the shah of Iran , as well - born as Nicaragua 's Anastasio Somoza , as imperial as Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines or as bloody as Haiti 's Baby Doc Duvalier . Yet he has proved more resilient than any of them . And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power , but a single error on his part could cost him his life . `` The U.S. underestimated Noriega all along , '' says Ambler Moss , a former Ambassador to Panama . `` He has mastered the art of survival . '' In keeping with America 's long history of propping up Mr. Noriega , recent U.S. actions have extended rather than shortened his survival . Mr. Noriega might have fallen of his own weight in 1988 because of Panama 's dire economic situation , says Mr. Moss , but increasing external pressure has only given him additional excuses for repression , and a scapegoat for his own mismanagement . `` If the U.S. had sat back and done nothing ,
Yet , while the failed coup is a major U.S. foreign policy embarrassment , it is merely the latest chapter in a byzantine relationship between Mr. Noriega and Washington that stretches back three decades . America 's war on the dictator over the past two years , following his indictment on drug charges in February 1988 , is the legacy of that relationship . Before American foreign policy set out to destroy Noriega , it helped create him out of the crucible of Panama 's long history of conspirators and pirates . For most of the past 30 years , the marriage was one of convenience . In 1960 , for example , when Mr. Noriega was both a cadet at an elite military academy in Peru and a spy - in - training for the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency , he was detained by Lima authorities for allegedly raping and savagely beating a prostitute , according to a U.S. Embassy cable from that period . The woman had nearly died . But U.S. intelligence , rather than rein in or cut loose its new spy , merely filed the report away . Mr. Noriega 's tips on emerging leftists at his school were deemed more important to U.S. interests . From that point on , the U.S. would make a practice of overlooking the Panamanian 's misadventures . The U.S. has befriended and later turned against many dictators , but none quite so resourceful . The 55 - year - old Mr. Noriega is n't as smooth as the shah of Iran , as well - born as Nicaragua 's Anastasio Somoza , as imperial as Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines or as bloody as Haiti 's Baby Doc Duvalier . Yet he has proved more resilient than any of them . And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power , but a single error on his part could cost him his life . `` The U.S. underestimated Noriega all along , '' says Ambler Moss , a former Ambassador to Panama . `` He has mastered the art of survival . '' In keeping with America 's long history of propping up Mr. Noriega , recent U.S. actions have extended rather than shortened his survival . Mr. Noriega might have fallen of his own weight in 1988 because of Panama 's dire economic situation , says Mr. Moss , but increasing external pressure has only given him additional excuses for repression , and a scapegoat for his own mismanagement . `` If the U.S. had sat back and done nothing , he might not have made it through 1988 , '' Mr. Moss contends . Perhaps most important , Mr. Noriega 's allies have intervened to encourage -- in some cases , to demand -- that the dictator maintain his grip of the throne . One Colombian drug boss , upon hearing in 1987 that Gen. Noriega was negotiating with the U.S. to abandon
Mr. Noriega would order them all to take off their clothes and run around the courtyard naked , laughing at them and then retreating to his office . `` People started wondering if something was wrong with him , '' Mr. Miranda recalls . But through this period , so far as the U.S. military was concerned , Mr. Noriega was a model recruit . He signed up for intelligence and counter-intelligence training under American officers at Fort Gulick in Panama in July 1967 , according to a copy of a 1983 resume with details Mr. Noriega has since classified as secret . He flew to Fort Bragg , N.C. , in September of that year for a course in psychological operations , returning to the School of the Americas in Panama for a two - month course called `` military intelligence for officers . '' Some American officers interpreted his eagerness and studiousness as a sign of loyalty , but they did so falsely . He rose to chief of intelligence in Panama 's socalled G - 2 in 1970 after providing populist dictator Torrijos the critical support to defeat a coup attempt against him a year earlier . He became Gen. Torrijos 's inseparable shadow , and the holder of all Panama 's secrets . Mr. Noriega , by now a lieutenant colonel , expanded his contacts to include the Cubans -- not to mention the Israelis , the Taiwanese and any other intelligence service that came knocking . When U.S. diplomats complained to the CIA of Col. Noriega 's moonlighting , intelligence experts always insisted that his allegiance was first to the Americans . `` Early on in the State Department , we took to calling him the rent - a - colonel , in tribute to his ability to simultaneously milk the antagonistic intelligence services of Cuba and the United States , '' recalls Francis J. McNeil , who , as deputy assistant secretary of state for inter-American affairs , first ran across reports about Mr. Noriega in 1977 . `` Some of us wondered how our intelligence people could put so much stock in his information when he was just as close to the Cubans . '' Even at this early stage , drugs caused additional concerns . During the Nixon administration , the Drug Enforcement Administration became dismayed at the extent of the G - 2 's connections to arrested drug traffickers . One DEA agent drew up a list of five options for dealing with Col. Noriega , one of which was assassination . The head of the DEA at the time , John Ingersoll , scotched the assassination plan . But he did fly to Panama to scold dictator Torrijos on the drug ties of Panamanian officials , including Mr. Noriega . Mr. Ingersoll later recalled that Gen. Torrijos seemed afraid to act on the concerns of the U.S. . `` Everybody was afraid of
It was a Friday in June . The Pentagon foiled the plan . According to military officers at the time , word was passed to Mr. Noriega by his American hosts that the police would be waiting . On Monday , U.S. officials received a routine , unclassified message from the military group commander in Panama . `` Due to health reasons , Lt. Col. Noriega has elected to postpone his visit to Washington , '' it read . Prosecutors in Miami received yet another setback . Their original indictment against Mr. Wittgreen , the friend of Mr. Noriega , and the other four was dismissed on a technicality . But now , along with reindicting Mr. Noriega 's pal , they intended to charge Mr. Noriega himself , on allegations that he was involved in the illegal trading of some $ 2 million in arms . In January 1980 , Jerome Sanford , as assistant U.S. attorney , was summoned to a meeting with a Federal Bureau of Investigation agent assigned to the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms in Miami . Panamanian dictator Torrijos , he was told , had granted the shah of Iran asylum in Panama as a favor to Washington . Mr. Sanford was told Mr. Noriega 's friend , Mr. Wittgreen , would be handling the shah 's security . It would n't be a good idea to indict him -- much less Mr. Noriega , the prosecutor was told . After prodding from Mr. Sanford , U.S. Attorney Jack Eskenazi pleaded with Justice Department officials in Washington to let the indictment proceed . `` Unfortunately , '' Mr. Eskenazi wrote in a letter , `` those of us in law enforcement in Miami find ourselves frequently attempting to enforce the laws of the United States but simultaneously being caught between foreign policy considerations over which we have no control . '' The letter , along with a detailed prosecution memo , sat on the desks of Justice officials for months before the case died a quiet death . `` I think if we had been allowed to go ahead then we would n't have the problems we have now , '' Mr. Sanford says . `` If he had been found guilty , we could have stopped him . '' In August 1983 , Mr. Noriega took over as General and de-facto dictator of Panama , having maneuvered his way to the top only two years after the mysterious death in a plane crash of his old boss Omar Torrijos . Soon , the military became a veritable mafia controlling legal and illegal businesses . The Reagan administration also put Mr. Noriega 's G - 2 back on the U.S. payroll . Payments averaged nearly $ 200,000 a year from the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA . Although working for U.S. intelligence , Mr. Noriega was hardly helping the U.S. exclusively . During the Reagan years
Panamanian dictator Torrijos , he was told , had granted the shah of Iran asylum in Panama as a favor to Washington . Mr. Sanford was told Mr. Noriega 's friend , Mr. Wittgreen , would be handling the shah 's security . It would n't be a good idea to indict him -- much less Mr. Noriega , the prosecutor was told . After prodding from Mr. Sanford , U.S. Attorney Jack Eskenazi pleaded with Justice Department officials in Washington to let the indictment proceed . `` Unfortunately , '' Mr. Eskenazi wrote in a letter , `` those of us in law enforcement in Miami find ourselves frequently attempting to enforce the laws of the United States but simultaneously being caught between foreign policy considerations over which we have no control . '' The letter , along with a detailed prosecution memo , sat on the desks of Justice officials for months before the case died a quiet death . `` I think if we had been allowed to go ahead then we would n't have the problems we have now , '' Mr. Sanford says . `` If he had been found guilty , we could have stopped him . '' In August 1983 , Mr. Noriega took over as General and de-facto dictator of Panama , having maneuvered his way to the top only two years after the mysterious death in a plane crash of his old boss Omar Torrijos . Soon , the military became a veritable mafia controlling legal and illegal businesses . The Reagan administration also put Mr. Noriega 's G - 2 back on the U.S. payroll . Payments averaged nearly $ 200,000 a year from the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA . Although working for U.S. intelligence , Mr. Noriega was hardly helping the U.S. exclusively . During the Reagan years he expanded his business and intelligence contacts with the Cubans and the Sandinistas . He allegedly entered into Panama 's first formal business arrangement with Colombian drug bosses , according to Floyd Carlton , a pilot who once worked for Mr. Noriega and who testified before the U.S. grand jury in Miami that would ultimately indict the Panamanian on drug charges . But Mr. Noriega was convinced the Reagan White House would n't act against him , recalls his close ally Jose Blandon , because he had an insurance policy : his involvement with the Contra rebels in Nicaragua . Mr. Blandon says the general allowed the Contras to set up a secret training center in Panama . Mr. Noriega also conveyed intelligence from his spy operation inside the Nicaraguan capital of Managua . And on at least one occasion , in the spring of 1985 , he helped arrange a sabotage attack on a Sandinista arsenal in Nicaragua . Although , his help for the Contra cause was limited , it was enough to win
Mr. Sanford was told Mr. Noriega 's friend , Mr. Wittgreen , would be handling the shah 's security . It would n't be a good idea to indict him -- much less Mr. Noriega , the prosecutor was told . After prodding from Mr. Sanford , U.S. Attorney Jack Eskenazi pleaded with Justice Department officials in Washington to let the indictment proceed . `` Unfortunately , '' Mr. Eskenazi wrote in a letter , `` those of us in law enforcement in Miami find ourselves frequently attempting to enforce the laws of the United States but simultaneously being caught between foreign policy considerations over which we have no control . '' The letter , along with a detailed prosecution memo , sat on the desks of Justice officials for months before the case died a quiet death . `` I think if we had been allowed to go ahead then we would n't have the problems we have now , '' Mr. Sanford says . `` If he had been found guilty , we could have stopped him . '' In August 1983 , Mr. Noriega took over as General and de-facto dictator of Panama , having maneuvered his way to the top only two years after the mysterious death in a plane crash of his old boss Omar Torrijos . Soon , the military became a veritable mafia controlling legal and illegal businesses . The Reagan administration also put Mr. Noriega 's G - 2 back on the U.S. payroll . Payments averaged nearly $ 200,000 a year from the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA . Although working for U.S. intelligence , Mr. Noriega was hardly helping the U.S. exclusively . During the Reagan years he expanded his business and intelligence contacts with the Cubans and the Sandinistas . He allegedly entered into Panama 's first formal business arrangement with Colombian drug bosses , according to Floyd Carlton , a pilot who once worked for Mr. Noriega and who testified before the U.S. grand jury in Miami that would ultimately indict the Panamanian on drug charges . But Mr. Noriega was convinced the Reagan White House would n't act against him , recalls his close ally Jose Blandon , because he had an insurance policy : his involvement with the Contra rebels in Nicaragua . Mr. Blandon says the general allowed the Contras to set up a secret training center in Panama . Mr. Noriega also conveyed intelligence from his spy operation inside the Nicaraguan capital of Managua . And on at least one occasion , in the spring of 1985 , he helped arrange a sabotage attack on a Sandinista arsenal in Nicaragua . Although , his help for the Contra cause was limited , it was enough to win him important protectors in the Reagan administration , says Sen. Patrick Leahy , a Vermont Democrat who then served on the Senate Intelligence Committee . `` Noriega played U.S. intelligence agencies and the U.S. government like a violin , ''
Soon , the military became a veritable mafia controlling legal and illegal businesses . The Reagan administration also put Mr. Noriega 's G - 2 back on the U.S. payroll . Payments averaged nearly $ 200,000 a year from the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA . Although working for U.S. intelligence , Mr. Noriega was hardly helping the U.S. exclusively . During the Reagan years he expanded his business and intelligence contacts with the Cubans and the Sandinistas . He allegedly entered into Panama 's first formal business arrangement with Colombian drug bosses , according to Floyd Carlton , a pilot who once worked for Mr. Noriega and who testified before the U.S. grand jury in Miami that would ultimately indict the Panamanian on drug charges . But Mr. Noriega was convinced the Reagan White House would n't act against him , recalls his close ally Jose Blandon , because he had an insurance policy : his involvement with the Contra rebels in Nicaragua . Mr. Blandon says the general allowed the Contras to set up a secret training center in Panama . Mr. Noriega also conveyed intelligence from his spy operation inside the Nicaraguan capital of Managua . And on at least one occasion , in the spring of 1985 , he helped arrange a sabotage attack on a Sandinista arsenal in Nicaragua . Although , his help for the Contra cause was limited , it was enough to win him important protectors in the Reagan administration , says Sen. Patrick Leahy , a Vermont Democrat who then served on the Senate Intelligence Committee . `` Noriega played U.S. intelligence agencies and the U.S. government like a violin , '' he says . An incident in 1984 suggested one additional means by which Mr. Noriega might have maintained such influence with Washington -- by compromising U.S. officials . Curtin Windsor , then the ambassador to Costa Rica , recalls being invited to Panama by Mr. Noriega 's brother Luis Carlos for a weekend of deep sea fishing and `` quiet , serious conversation '' on the Aswara Peninsula . Mr. Windsor notified Everett E. Briggs , the U.S. ambassador to Panama , of the invitation . `` Briggs screamed , '' Mr. Windsor recalls . He says Mr. Briggs told him he was being set up for a `` honey trap , '' in which Mr. Noriega would try to involve him in an orgy and then record the event `` with sound and video . '' Mr. Briggs , on vacation after resigning his position at the National Security Council , could n't be reached for comment . As Mr. Noriega 's political troubles grew , so did his offers of assistance to the Contras , an apparent attempt to curry more favor in Washington . For instance ,
Trouble is , she has lost it just as quickly . Rather than keep the loss a secret from the outside world , Michelle blabs about it to a sandwich man while ordering lunch over the phone . Little chance that Shane Longman is going to recoup today . Traders spend the morning frantically selling bonds , in the belief that the U.S. monthly trade figures will look lousy . Ah , perfidious Columbia ! The trade figures turn out well , and all those recently unloaded bonds spurt in price . So much for anticipating the market by a fraction of a second . And a large slice of the first episode is devoted to efforts to get rid of some nearly worthless Japanese bonds -LRB- since when is anything Japanese nearly worthless nowadays ? -RRB- . Surprisingly , Shane Longman survives the week , only to have a senior executive innocently bumble his way into becoming the target of a criminal insider trading investigation . Instead of closing ranks to protect the firm 's reputation , the executive 's internal rivals , led by a loutish American , demand his resignation . The plot is thwarted when the firm 's major stockholder , kelp farming on the other side of the globe , hurries home to support the executive . But the investigation continues . If you can swallow the premise that the rewards for such ineptitude are six - figure salaries , you still are left puzzled , because few of the yuppies consume very conspicuously . In fact , few consume much of anything . Two share a house almost devoid of furniture . Michelle lives in a hotel room , and although she drives a canary - colored Porsche , she has n't time to clean or repair it ; the beat - up vehicle can be started only with a huge pair of pliers because the ignition key has broken off in the lock . And it takes Declan , the obligatory ladies ' man of the cast , until the third episode to get past first base with any of his prey . Perhaps the explanation for these anomalies is that class - conscious Britain is n't ready to come to terms with the wealth created by the Thatcherian free - enterprise regime . After all , this is n't old money , but new money , and in many cases , young money . This attitude is clearly illustrated in the treatment of Max , the trading room 's most flamboyant character . Yuppily enough , he lives in a lavishly furnished converted church , wears designer clothes and drives an antique car . But apparently to make him palatable , even lovable , to the masses , the script inflates pony - tailed Max into an eccentric genius , master of 11 Chinese dialects . He takes his wash to the laundromat , where he meets a punky French girl who dupes
Rather than keep the loss a secret from the outside world , Michelle blabs about it to a sandwich man while ordering lunch over the phone . Little chance that Shane Longman is going to recoup today . Traders spend the morning frantically selling bonds , in the belief that the U.S. monthly trade figures will look lousy . Ah , perfidious Columbia ! The trade figures turn out well , and all those recently unloaded bonds spurt in price . So much for anticipating the market by a fraction of a second . And a large slice of the first episode is devoted to efforts to get rid of some nearly worthless Japanese bonds -LRB- since when is anything Japanese nearly worthless nowadays ? -RRB- . Surprisingly , Shane Longman survives the week , only to have a senior executive innocently bumble his way into becoming the target of a criminal insider trading investigation . Instead of closing ranks to protect the firm 's reputation , the executive 's internal rivals , led by a loutish American , demand his resignation . The plot is thwarted when the firm 's major stockholder , kelp farming on the other side of the globe , hurries home to support the executive . But the investigation continues . If you can swallow the premise that the rewards for such ineptitude are six - figure salaries , you still are left puzzled , because few of the yuppies consume very conspicuously . In fact , few consume much of anything . Two share a house almost devoid of furniture . Michelle lives in a hotel room , and although she drives a canary - colored Porsche , she has n't time to clean or repair it ; the beat - up vehicle can be started only with a huge pair of pliers because the ignition key has broken off in the lock . And it takes Declan , the obligatory ladies ' man of the cast , until the third episode to get past first base with any of his prey . Perhaps the explanation for these anomalies is that class - conscious Britain is n't ready to come to terms with the wealth created by the Thatcherian free - enterprise regime . After all , this is n't old money , but new money , and in many cases , young money . This attitude is clearly illustrated in the treatment of Max , the trading room 's most flamboyant character . Yuppily enough , he lives in a lavishly furnished converted church , wears designer clothes and drives an antique car . But apparently to make him palatable , even lovable , to the masses , the script inflates pony - tailed Max into an eccentric genius , master of 11 Chinese dialects . He takes his wash to the laundromat , where he meets a punky French girl who dupes him into providing a home for her pet piranha and then promptly steals
